He is an amazing teacher! I didn't have a good background at all in chem before i came and i haven't had much trouble in his class. Don't mistake good for easy though. His test are challenging and require studying but he makes the material much easier to understand.
You don't know what a blessing this guy is until you have McGarvey. Harman's very clear, very helpful, and thoroughly cares about his students.
awesome teacher, awesome class
Smokin.
One of the best proffs I've had in my life. He comes across as very interested in your sucess in his class and he definitely makes you feel comfortable asking questions. I highly recommend him, if you are willing to work hard. 80's series is difficult
Harman is a great professor. Definetely the best I've ever had, although I haven't had many yet. I would recommend his class to anyone, even if you just have a passing interest in chemistry (like me). He explains it so well you can't help but love it.
His teaching is super-duper. Makes excruciatingly hard things suddenly appear easy. Looks like Gene Weingarten...the mustache is a plus.
I never understand why anyone would take Chem 141 and not have Harman. He is able to make the most difficult topics perfectly clear, and is by far my favorite teacher (and I am taking Econ with Elzinga).
Super hot in a Tom Selleck kind of way!
Looks like the Beastie Boys in the video for "Sabotage." Like he's wearing a disguise. Unbelievable teacher. Taught me to see the world in terms of chemistry.
A teacher that actually keeps things interesting. Grades generously too.
His direction, enthusiasm, motivation & charisma are reason enough to attend UVa
Great professor and genuinely wants students to learn about its importance.
Dr. Size's seminar made interesting and valuable connections between geology and human health. Please make sure you participate because it can affect your grade and he will send really passive aggressive emails afterwards. A bit of a tough grader on the presentations, but don't take it personally. Apart form that, he is a wonderful professor.
Dr. Size was a real gem--he he he---of a professor. His lectures were interesting and peppered with creativity. He really loves his field and shares his expertise effectively. Anyone would be pleased to spend some time with the good professor. If you are looking to learn basics of earth sciences, Dr. S is your man....
Nicest guy. Really loves stuff and is one of the world's best geologists apparently (seriously). Wants people to love it as much as he does and has good sense of humor.
Great teacher, great guy too. Pretty easy class.
Knows his stuff--really interesting. Read the book and listen to lecture.
Great professor!!
He is one of the best professors Iv ever had. His lectures are Microeconomics lectures so its hard to make it fun, but he makes the class enjoyable. He brings donuts for the class sometimes, and pretty much gives us the test before the test. He is also always willing to help and won't make you feel stupid for asking questions. Definitely take!!
This guy is a dean but he's also an excellent economics professor. He is a really funny guy and you can tell he cares a lot about the students at this school, not just the ones in his class. You feel like you can make a good personal connection with him and if you are struggling he is really flexible and caring. Definitely take him!
GREAT TEACHER! Tests are not that hard. Show up to class, take notes, and you will do well. The best teacher in the School of Business. You will learn so much from this class even if you arent interested. Great class. Highly recommended!
great professor great guy - no matter what the negative comments say
Awesome guy, no is the dean of the business school, very helpful and likes teaching. Not the easiest class but believe it or not, this guy can actually teach
I thought he was a great prof. There was work involved, but I learned a lot and his class was one of my favorites even though I hated math before. If you know what you need help with (specific problems), office hours are very useful.
He is a very good teacher and explains everything thoroughly in lecture. His tests are usually very difficult, but they are possible if you do your homework and go to lecture.
512 is Rossi's baby. Consequently, I think he's overwhelmingly forgiving for it. A writing course for math people, it'll give you an overview on how to solve open-ended problems, and the various math techniques that are out there. Don't expect to learn those techniques in depth, though. Easy course.
easy if you've already taken calc. hw is long and takes a long time. nice guy
very easy especially if good in math
I feel like Satran is underrated. I had him first thing in the morning but his class felt like a great way to start my day. He gets everyone to take turns reading out of the book, and he is hilarious and motivating. Aside from his handwriting (he wrote lowercase a's like lines), I recommend taking a class of his.
great teacher and really cares
Cool Guy. Explains everything well. Most people don't do the reading in his class. I mean, you should, so that you can have a better discussion in class, but he tells you everything you need to know. So if you're pressed for time or overwhelmed by you classes you can just put his readings off. It wont be a big deal
Upfront and fair
His fanatical devotion to hockey embiggens his knowledge of chocolate
Overly proud of his name brand clothes. Interacts alot, good writing req course.
She is a lovely professor with a beautiful accent
Took this as an art requirement. Only met once a week for 2.5 hours. She is really helpful (especially since I had no prior experience) Don't worry about not finishing projects she gives extra days to come in at end of semester. Pretty nice but could be forgetful in telling you what to do so make sure to ask to clarify before doing a project!
sooooo easy! take this class! so much fun - easy work!
Easy class, cool teacher, not a lot of work at all
Man is a god send. Top chad for sure.
Man was the god of Java and was an ultimate Chad. On a real note he is one of the nicest professors you will meet and is always available if you need help. Assignments are fun and pretty easy.
very helpful in and out of class, dont be afraid to ask questions to him, very kind and thoughtful
Ez A of your entire life. His A scale is an 89.5-100 and you can find all the assignments on github. Sadly, I didn't actually learn anything, but that's not his fault. He makes pre-recorded lectures so you don't have to go to class. His recitations aren't mandatory, so you could make this a fully web class. His videos are fine, but I wish I learned
Very slow start to the class but picks up quickly. If you're like me and had some experience with java before the class, the first 2 months will feel like a joke, but GUIs are introduced rather quickly so be ready for them when they come.
Best professor in the entire department. He puts everyone else to shame. He's available 24/7, including at crazy hours like 4AM. I had trouble with my final project so he gave me a DF in Lion path and told me to take my time and work on it over winter break. He's simply the best professor in Penn State.
He should become the head of the Computer Science department. One of the few good professors in the entire department who actually cares about his students and wants them to learn. Will answer your questions at any time and will make sure you understand.
Great course which Al provides many opportunities for students to learn the material. He can be really boring in lectures, but he publishes all lectures online for you to watch if you don't want to go to class (Which I took advantage of frequently) Assignments are not hard and w/ enough work you can get 100s on most/all of them. But tests are hard.
Amazing Professor attendance is not mandatory all his lectures are online and easy to understand. Very insightful when it comes to teaching java. I would recommend taking his course you will learn a lot and guaranteed to pass with an A.
Al comes from the industry so he knows what CS is like in the real world- you can learn a lot when you don't have to worry about your grade; all the resources are there to help you succeed as long as you take it. Class isn't mandatory (I never went) but looking at the powerpoints and videos are all that is required to do well.
You don't need to go to class to do well. If you are ever confused just read his powerpoints or go to recitation to ask him for help.
This class is most fun and easy A you will get. Easy bc you dont have to go to ANY lectures, read a textbook, or do recitation. You can figure out everything by going to Office Hours (projects). For tests, know google exists. ;). Tests dont have a time limit and are open to submit all week. You learn more when youre not doing it for the grades
He'll be the best professor you'll get in the CMPSC department. Very chill. Make sure you know or learn some Java and you'll get an A.
I never thought I would find a CMPSC prof this amazing. He's the best prof I had at Penn State. He will always go out of his way to help you with the projects. He even held office hours during Thanksgiving break. Tests get unlimited time and he extended deadlines as well. He's one of the very few profs in the CSE department that want you to succeed
After having so many horrible professors in CSE, I'm glad to see that there are ones who actually care about our success. Al shows genuine interest in teaching his students, helps them as much as possible, and gives lots of time for completing his projects. No other CSE professor has ever been as good as him.
Al is the greatest professor at Penn State in CSE. He will go out of his way to make sure we understand how to do the assignments. One of the few CSE profs that are genuinely good.
Literally the best I have met so far. Determined to help students in every way possible. He literally guides you through projects. Pogramming makes the bulk of grade rather than exams, and gets harder as you go. Yes, presentations are long, 200+ slides, not the most exciting stuff you'll learn in CS, but he makes it amazing. You'll miss him later.
Al is absolutely THE BEST PROFESSOR I've ever had in my undergrad years. The class itself isn't that bad as long as you refer to his slides and the the textbook, and he's always willing to help out, as most of the reviews already pointed out. However, the end-of-semester projects can be tedious, so ALWAYS get a head-start in advance!!
Professor Verbanec was a great professor. I took this class online, and his lectures were extremely well done. He was always willing to meet during office hours as well and help students. Also, his exams were very easy and straightforward. Very high quality professor!
He was the only option for CMPSC 131 and the class was an easy A. Not much more to say.
Easiest class I ever took. Exams are given on canvas (don't need to go to a testing center), every assignment is on chegg if you get stuck, final is a project. Most of the grades are on the assignments so just do those, and there is plenty of extra credit to make up for lost points. I got a 97 and have minimal coding experience
This class is really easy. Good way to get an inkling of what python is like. You should get an A with little to no effort.
There's to be this dogma in the CS dept that some people aren't smart enough to code. But every time I hear it I remember my first day of 221 when Al said, "I bet I have the lowest semester GPA in the room. Can anyone beat a 0.4?" Al is bar-none the best professor I've ever had. You can get an A without going to class, but you'll want go to anyway
Al is a great professor. Exams are very easy to do because he cares more about the programming assignments. He holds lectures to go over hundreds of slides of notes that are all online. He also has lab days where you can get help doing your programming assignments. The difficulty of the assignments gets harder as you go, but he will help a lot.
Easiest class I've ever taken at PSU. Take this guy.
Best compsci proffesor you can ever get. He's been out in the coding industry for years and he knows what needs to be done for you to be a good coder. Doesn't give you all these hard tests. Just, plainly, wants you know how to code which is what matters! not taking some test in coding.
His lectures are normal lectures, but he is super patient and caring, he will walk through every step with you to help you work out your program/debug your program. He is from the industry so he knows what kind of skills you need and what is never used. Tests are super easy, assignments always doable if you go to class.
The material and programming assignments were very clear and his office hours were great as well. I struggled with a personal problem (nothing to do with this class) towards the end of the semester but he was very understanding and willing to help. Very caring and understanding professor, easily the best. (get a copy of the textbook it helps)
Show up and turn in the modules that he helps you step by step and you'll get an A
Al was one of the BEST professor in PSU. He mostly spend half of the time helping students out when they are needed. Al was one of the guy that who cares more about how much you learn in class than how you do on the exams and quizzes. He will stay after lecture to help you fix your program!!!! This guy is a CHAMP!!!
Al is one of the BEST professor in PSU. He is really helpful in labs and he cares about programming assignment much more than test about theoretical parts. AL also allocates literally half the class time to helping students with anything they need. Grades are fair, deadlines are reasonable. Very laid back.
Al was great!! Really knows his stuff and is a really nice guy!!! Class at times can be a bit easy, but the projects are often fairly involved and require some thinking, which make them fun. Great professor!!!
Al is one of the best instructors I have had at Penn State. He's helpful, funny and knows his stuff. Great guy overall!
Class consists of projects and a few online exams. Fairest syllabus and grading I've ever had. Projects are straightforward and sometimes intricate, but the textbook sample code will really help you out. A digital, searchable copy of the book is a must. During projects, he'll turn class time into a work lab with TA/professor guidance. Al is the man
Probably my favorite professor at PSU. He makes the class very easy to understand and comprehend. Definitely recommend taking him if you need to take this class!
The best professor in CS department I've ever met!!!! Really helpful during labs. He cares programming assignment much more than test about theoretical parts. If you don't know how to do the PA, just ask him!!!!
Go to every class, get 66% on your first two exams, and the class will be a breeze. Highly recommended for anyone who may not be the most confident in computer science, but try to get the class early!
Al is a great professor. He works through all of the programming assignments with you during class and stays until everyone who is having difficulties running their program has it sorted out. Definitely take CMPSC101 with him if you need it to graduate.
The man is a champ, A++ for being a great dude with a very doable class. If you need to pass an intro to programming class but simply have no aptitude for using it in everyday life then this is the class for you. Al is also very helpful and his class is quick and painless!
EASY A!!! Al is an awesome teacher and makes programming quick and painless! take this class if you can!! you need to attend class every week but it lasts an hour max :)Easiest A at PSU
Super easy class. All the homework assignments are walked through in the classroom and u never have to bother doing it by yourself. And they are extremely easy. classes are usually 1-1.5 hours long even though it is expected to be 3 hours long. midterms are all open book and you get three tries and the highest of the scores is taken.
The easiest class I have ever taken in my life. You literally just follow his directions in class and you get an A. He's so nice and chill too. Class is from 6-9 pm and the latest I've gotten out is 7:15 pm, most days before 7. Take home exams that are open book and no final.
Take this professor. You are welcome!
Al is seriously the man. He wants you to do well so he is willingly to help you anyway he can. Go to class and he walks you through all the assignments. Highly recommend
By far the most helpful teacher I have had at Penn State! Awesome guy, fun class, GET HIM IF YOU CAN!!!!
My FAVORITE teacher at psu by far and one of the coolest people i ever met. BUT a heads up, if your an ist or cmpsc major do not take him. This is more for people who are never going to use this stuff again and you wont be prepared for the upper level classes at all. I am no where ready to learn java and have to study everything over the summer now
Take Al for in the night class, extremely easy, you just be in class for about an hour every week and he goes over all the assignments and porject so that you'll be able to finish it in class! Exams are online take-home
Easy class, understands not everyone is a computer whiz, lots of help sessions if you dont understand the material, tests are easy, lol 100 times easier than that Burnhiem lady
Very boring class, but easiest one I've had. As long as you do assignments guaranteed A.
AL is the nicest guy on the planet....if you can breath....you can get an A in Al's class
Al is the man. Nuff said
This class is a joke. I never go and just complete the assignments. I have a 98.
Very helpful...class wasn't "easy" but with some work he made it possible to get an A.
MOST AWESOME TEACHER EVER!
Very helpful.
Al rules!!! He is so helpful and is the nicest guy. He knows not everyone is a comp. sci. major, so he is super helpful. I got an A and suck w/ computers. Take him!
the absolute best teacher you will ever have. CSE majors listen well for this man will teach you everything you will want to know about the real world. it may seem like hes not teaching you lots of stuff, but thats only because you do not need it. you can ask him anything and he will respond, heck ask him what courses you should take.
Easy, thankfully, bc I'm the most computer incompetent person ever. He's a wonderful guy who will always help you no matter what. Definitely take his class!!!!
best teacher ever....actually gave a damn about wether you understood material. Very dedicated to students and stayed till after midnight at helpsessions regularly just to make sure everyone knew what they were doing. Even allowed students to email final project to him to look over if they were having problems with it. awesome guy.
The Absolute best CSE teacher so far in the curriculum. VERY helpful. VERY intelligent. If only i had him as my counselor. very flexible and teaches real world programming rather then book work. the must have teacher for the penn state cse department. also,class is interesting and helpful
Always stays after class to help with projects. Teaches straight out of the on-line notes. Tests are open-book, taken on-line at your own leisure. Extraorinarily easy class.
This guy is the absolute man, I was the biggest slacker in this class and he still always helped out a real genuine guy takes time out of his week to offer all sorts of programming help sessions with students u just show up and he helps u out with your programming assignment you can get it done there in one night at a help session rather then weeks
take him or die.
awesome teacher, definately the way comp classes should be taught
Awesome class! Awesome teacher! Very compassionate towards his students and their learning. Won't rest until you know what you're doing. Great teacher. Go to the lab sessions even if you're done with the assignments just cause it's such a good time. Very knowledgeable professor.
Great professor. Stresses the important things in the class. Not the exams, but whether or not you can write a program.
Not one bad thing to say about Al. he's prob the best professor at Penn State.
Awesome prof. 3 tests, get to drop lowest grade. Tests arent too hard or anything, but not worth much of grade. Projects are worth most of grade. You will learn alot! This is the way programming should be taught. Easy class!
Very easy class! Helps your write your programs. Guranteed A!
Al would cut his own arm off to help a student. Also, he's the only prof I've ever seen that the students cheer when he comes back into the room after SRTE's. Look forward to 120 with Al.
AWSOME! Always stays till they kick him out of the lab during help sessions!
NOT A TOUGH CLASS
Easy class, cool and easy going guy that is not against you like most profs are.
EXCELLENT CLASS
This class was incredibly valuable with him as a teacher. Rather than emphasizing monotonous details, programming assignments were stressed, which is the ONLY way this course should EVER be taught.
Easiest Class Ever if you are half decent at programming
Dr. Wang puts a lot of care into the course and is one of the few profs who actually cares about how his students do. If you actively attend class, can write at a college-level, and put 70% effort into the term project, you shouldn't get anything less than a B. There is a lot of reading/writing, but this is literally a writing intensive course.
This is a class where you love it or you hate it. More of a seminar than a class to be honest. You simply read a ton of Data Science papers/studies and make presentations of them, before you do a project yourself. So you don't actually learn anything new.
The GOAT.
One of the best professors I had in my all higher education. Certainly on the very top at MSU Eli Broad Dept of Economics. He cultivated the desire to study economics in me which was later destroyed by some very poor professors in the very same department. I regard Prof Obst as an excellent economics and a wonderful mentor.
The negativity on here is bc he teaches 1000+ kids per semester and only the s**theads come on and complain. He gives you plenty of resources, online and off (help room/ skype hour/ email). You get to use a full sheet of paper on exams bc mainly you have to practice the concepts rather than memorize. Excellent professor if you apply yourself!
Obst was a funny old man but he was very challenging. I didn't think the class was as difficult as everyone is saying. If you watch all the lectures (he puts them online) you should be totally fine.
odd but insightful.
Very good professor; he is passionate about teaching economics, and it makes class interesting. Moreover, you will learn everything there is to know about the Schmoo society.
If you go to class you will 4.0 this class. He is really easy.
Honestly a great professor. Make sure you take good notes (you can afford to miss a few classes but still) since they way she phrases some stuff on the tests can be slightly different from how they are explained in class. All tests (and non-cumulative final) are online and open note. Cancels class here and there. engaging lecturer and great person.
She is great! She is funny too. I had this as an 8am and a good majority of the class still showed up even though she does put slides online. Exams are also taken online. She's a MILF!
She is awesome, not to mention hot. Extremely helpful. She keeps the class interesting and makes me want to get up at 7 am just to go to class.
Loved the class... she made it as easy as possible...and did her best to keep everyone intersted (it was an 8am class). She was friendly, helpful, and knows what she's talking about. She got to the point...and was done after she was through explaining... Great Prof!
She was really nice and helpful. Let class out early a lot and I was borderline at the end and she bumped my grade up, which was really nice of her!!
very interesting class, watched a lot of commericals, not too much work
Very concise, loves to show commercials in class
I had Bruce Mann in 2001 and to this day I still brag about him. He always knew how to capture his audience and make them interested in what was being taught. For that I am forever grateful.
Dr. Mann is an amazing professor. He is there & genuinely cares. Great sense of humor. I was going through hard times during this semester but he was completely understanding & accommodating of my situation - So grateful to have had him as a professor. Gives great feedback on papers. Deep & intelligent lectures always starts with a quote.
had him for an intro drama class and modern drama. very enthusiastic, made lectures very enjoyable. he is very encouraging and very flexible when it comes to grading.
This guy made even the most boring discussions interesting.
Awesome. Gold-standard of teaching. No longer at Oakland University.
I had Bruce for two classes in 1987-88, and he was among my all-time favorite professors. He's living proof that a teacher can be an easy grader and a great teacher simultaneously. An acquaintance of mine turned in a HAND-WRITTEN (and poorly written) essay and still got a 3.0 grade.
An EXCELLENT professor!!! Extremely highly recommended. Also, the nicest man you will ever meet. Very helpful to his students. Absolutely one of my favorite professors!!!
Had him for 2 classes. Absolutely my favorite professor ever. He's super funny and very dedicated to his profession. He wrote me one of my recommendation letters for grad school and talked to me over an hour when I came to pick it up. Overall great guy and makes class fun and interesting.
The best teacher I've ever had. Compassionate, insightful, and engaging. Why can't there be more teachers like this?
Great professor-this is what education should be. Organized, clear, concise. Made drama analysis fun. Respects students & their opinions-no one is wrong. Timely return of essay tests. Take notes=good grade. Helps outside of class & with writing issues.
He wasn't so much easy as he simply made the classs sofun and interesting that it wasn't tedious and grueling.
Bruce Mann is one of my 2 favorite teachers EVER. He was very kind, HILARIOUS, passionate about his work, & missed his calling as an actor! I loved him!!!
He is an outstanding teacher for English, and even better in American Studies. BEST Professor at OU.
Excellent professor. Loves what he does.
Makes his class fun and stimulating. Whimsical
Prof. Mann is the nicest, friendliest, sweetest teacher I've ever had
I took this class as an elective, but I got lucky with choosing the right professor. I go by class day and time when I register. Professor Friday has a passion for teaching. If you don't understand something, he will do his very best at making sure you understand.
Favorite professor at uncc!!
Great instructor! Really enjoyed his class. Had no prior interest in Criminal Justice outside of crime shows and only chose this field because I had to have an outside concentration. I would recommend this instructor to anyone! He is funny, engaging, and a really interesting person overall. Show up, pay attention, and you can make a good grade.
Enjoyed Professor Friday's Violence course. Very passionate about his students and what he teaches. But he goes VERY FAST on the ppt so we usually take pics of the slides. Tests are pretty straightforward but he is very precise on what he wants. Overall great course. Should be able to make an A or B if you take good notes and study hard.
Wonderful teacher! He really captured my interest in the CJ system. I recommend you take him; He truly cares about his students and the grade that they receive. Attendance isn't mandatory but trust me, you will not get a good grade if you don't go to class. I received an A but you HAVE to read the book to pass. It's really easy if you try.
He has been one of the best professors I have ever had. Class attendence is a must but his lectures are fun and never boring. Take notes and you will do well. He wants to impact your life and not just show up for a grade. Awesome Professor
My favorite prof at UNCC. He's loud and all over the place. You take tons of notes and the exams are exhaustive. However, I remember everything from his classes.
Dr. Friday is amazing! He is incredibly intelligent and admirable. It is a HARD CLASS but you will learn SO MUCH!! He doesn't NEED to make the class interesting b/c it already is, but he does. I definitley recommend him.
Great guy! Incredibly intelligent and knowledgable about the topics. If you're Republican, you won't like his cracks at the Pres. Tests are hard and essay-format, but the material is very very interesting. I'm pretty slack and should make a solid B. Lots of notes, but it's everything you'll need. Funny guy!
LOVE THIS PROFESSOR! He is so into what he does it's a very fun class, a lot of notetaking but he is so humorous! my fav. CJ professor by far!!!
Excellent Professor, helped me through my first semester as a freshman with a broke shoulder
excellent professor
Dr. Friday is an awesome professor. He keeps it real and class is fairly interesting. He often goes of on tangents but they are helpful to everday life. Highly recommend his class.
awesome professor, very knowledgable. if you like criminal justice you'll love his class, very easy if you're willing to read the book and remember the lectures, tells awesome and hilarious stories! brilliant man
Awesome guy, The BEST EVery [he's been a COP, LAWYER and Has a PHD...] really funny man
had him twice. love his classes. pay attention and grade will reflect it.
He's a GREAT teacher. He involves a lot of thought in his classes. He's not for the bookworm type because you need to bring something to the class. His "storyboards" are awesome!
Had him seven years ago for Eastern Religion. Thought he was cool and had an excellent and thorough way of teaching. He made you do your work; however, I actually learned in his class instead of going through the usual academic motions.
Great professor. One of if not the smartest person I've ever met. Class is only as interesting as you make it. Many complain about his boring classes, but if you apply yourself first you can really get into the discussions in the classroom. He has many
Best teacher I have had, easy, bring a pillow to class though.
Dr. Darr is a great professor, he cares about his students and helps them as much as you ask for. His tests are hard but it is all on the material in his lecture slides, so long as you study hard you should do fine on the tests. Hes a quiet man but very cool to talk to and is very smart. His lectures are very easy to follow. Ill miss having him!
no homework, grade based on just test scores
Dr. Darr is probably my favorite professor on Adrian campus. He is the smartest physiology teacher I have ever had. Tests/quizzes are based of EXACTLY what he lectures on in class. If you write down all the notes taken in class, you will have all the answers to pass. Study up!
Tells you exactly what to do and helped me for endless hours outside of class.
Dr. Darr is very straightforward. He gives you a lecture guide. The course requires alot effort outside of class to study the models, but you will know something about anatomy when you are through. Probably the most organized class I have ever taken. He is also one of the nicest professors I have ever met. Take his class.
Dr. Darr is really knowledgable and willing to help with any questions. He is easy to get along well with if you do your work.
Good teacher, tough tests. Study hard
Dr. Eipper is the BEST! His class is always fun or interesting and usually both. He works extremely hard for his students, and he really cares about students. He is very clear in explaining things and will always take time to make sure you understand it. He is very smart and funny and has been all over the world.
Love this professor. He is so hilarious in the classroom, and it never gets boring. Definately keeps you on your toes and helps you learn at the same time.
This man speaks something like 13 languages and he's in my Japanese class learning more. He's absolutely crazy and absolutely the most fun Spanish professor anyone will ever have.
he's great and very funny!! i had a fun every class even its in morning...
very fun prof.
Funny as all hell! Good overall teacher.
Fun class, he is rediculous in a way that makes you learn, take this prof.
The lectures coordinate with the textbook chapters. To do well on the tests, which are not cumulative, just take notes in the class (lectures are posted on course capture), do the homework (which is online twice per week using Pearson), and study the available reviews guides. She is helpful in office hours and answers questions clearly.
one of the best professors I've had at UD so far! Definitely take her class if possible. She is so easy to talk to and really cares about all her students. Read the textbook, go to office hours and ask questions if needed!
Dr Walsh is a phenomenol Professor. As long as you go to class and actually pay attention, and keep up with readings and homework you are guaranteed to do well. Definitely go to office hours if you need help because she truly wants you to succeed and will help you if you ask for it. I highly recommend!
I loved this class. Professor Walsh was very clear about what we had to know for tests as well as describing things clearly in class. If you go to her office hours for help she will greatly help you. She wants her students to do well in her class so as long as you put in a little effort you will do well in the class.
Great teacher. Shows videos in lecture at least once a week. Attendance is mandatory because she does clicker questions every class. If you just show up to class you will most likely do really well. The labs are probably the hardest part of the class and thats only because its taught by a different instructor. I strongly recommend this course.
Walsh is really nice. She babies the information to you. She teaches literally from the textbook and the questions from mastering biology are from there too. If you want an easy A, take her class. The info isn't hard, it's just high school bio. good for non majors. just don't annoy her, and you're fine
One of my favorite teachers! She is very passionate about biology and is the cutest lady ever. Her tests aren't easy but if you study a good amount you get B's. She is a very nice lady and is eager to help whenever.
She is really nice and understanding. If you read the book, go to lecture, and do the online homeowrk you will do just fine! The exams aren't that tricky, some of the questions come right from the online homework.
GO TO CLASS, print the slides, and take some notes. Tests aren't always the easiest, but if you understand the material, you will be fine. The books helps too. PARTICIPATE IN CLASS!
She is such a mom and so nice. You use clickers in class so you need to go and PP slides are found online. Tests aren't bad and she will drop one out of the 3. Lab is a pain but not hard at all. Very willing to help you with anything. I would reccomend this class.
shes great.very sweet.very nice.very helpful.if youre not into science this class will be work.studying for about 3 to 4 hrs for an exam helped me.her lectures are interesting, she has videos and uses powerpoint.she also gives not-graded in-class quizzes, so u can test yourself if you actually know whats going on.i def recommend her, shes awesome.
Easiest class ever. I never understood biology until this class. Great teacher and very clear.
This class wasn't too bad. Just make sure to do the reading. She was a very helpful teacher. She offers very helpful review sessions. It isnt necessary to go to class but it definately doesnt hurt.
Good teacher but lectures straight from the book and online powerpointslides. Gives credit for coming to class which can lift up ur grade. Take her easy B or even betetr.
I liked her, she is a very sweet woman and very informative. She uses power point slides and goes over a lot of information but she makes the slides available on WebCT so there isn't too much writing. The textbook has a website where you can take practice quizzes and that was very helpful.
There is a lot of new information to be learned in this class if you are not familiar with genetics. The first exam is harder than the rest because there is so much stuff to learn at first. She is very helpful, and clear and is willing to discuss things after class.
She was great! Very nice prof, interesting lectures, never had to fight to stay awake. Tests are easy if you pay attention to the lectures. Very clear and always helpful. I would definitly take another class of hers!
She was an AWSOME professor!! One of the best I've ever had. She was nice, very patient with students, engaging and all of her lectures were soooo interesting! She was always very happy to answer any question a student had. A lot of material, but if you study it is easy. The CD is helpful too!!
Awesome lady, easy exams, entertaining lectures. I was sad when the class was over. I hated bio going into this class, but she made it clear and easy to do well. Great prof!!
Really nice lady, she knows her stuff. She gives you all the notes on the web and outlines to study from. I knew nothing about bio and I got a B+ with hardly any effort. I Just read the chapters the night before each test and went to most of the classes.
excellent professor. lectures are helpful, must attend most because she does in class activities that count toward participation grade. tests are fair, but not simple. lab is cool. all in all, a great class for someone who doesn't like science.
Easy class just study notes, only takes 3 highest tests out of four. Hot TA's we all love u rose.
Nice Prof... class helpful, but notes are also on WebCT. tests are sometimes tricky but for the most part a good easy course
really nice lady, lectures are pointless because notes are on webct. in class assignments, but if you do real well on tests they won't matter, EASY A
Really nice lady, sometimes the tests are a little tricky, but basically easy. Go to class because in class assignments (very easy) go towards grade.
Great teacher, very clear explanations, take if you have the chance
Very good teacher. Made difficult clear and understandable. Notes on overhead. Tests ok if you do learning guides.
Hard, but knows her stuff, good teacher, learn alot
Nice lady, study guides are great
Boring material, but explains well. Not too much work. Lab SUCks!!!
really nice, easy class for lab requirement
Really nice, very clear,no need to do reading, pay attention, take good notes
Nice lady. Exams right from notes on overhead. Exams really easy!
very nice; a little boring but straightfoward and clear; a good teacher
exams right from notes..nice, funny and helpful
Good teaching ability, if you like heredity, you will like.
very easy, gives you all the notes, read alitte, study, tests are sooo easy
Very nice and helpful lady, but gets boring, learning guides are very useful
very very easy. nice prof. read book, study notes, piece of cake
3 tests, drops the lowest, + final. Nice lady but very boring
lots of notes!study and go to class. she is VERY nice!
extremely nice lady. lots of info to learn. cd and text are quite helpful
good professor, she friendly and helpful; pretty fair exams... just memorization
I thought class was very interesting. Amazing professor, brillant and friendly!!
Such a nice lady!!! Read the text, use the CDROM=A. She's always willing 2 help!
Probably the nicest professor on campus. Willing to help. Cares about students.
she is an awesome teacher, study your notes and you will do great
very nice and puts all notes on overhead, study notes for tests and will do good
Tests straight from notes, go to class and study you'll get and A, nice professo
Professor LeClair is truly the best. He will always grade in your favor. I thought his class was manageable and I learned a lot.
Leclair was one of my favorite professors at Fairfield. It is too bad he is retiring this year. He is so knowledgeable in Economics, always discusses current economic developments. Manageable homework, and if you study for the tests its not a problem. The paper was a long project but learned a ton. Great professor, learned a lot in this class.
Really recommend this class for econ students. He really cares about econ and is a respected teacher at Fairfield. 4-5 homework assignments, 2 midterms and a final.
I had the pleasure of taking Leclair for 2 classes to fulfill my Econ minor credits. The guy is brillant and genuine. He is simple with grading and in the end he made my T/ F bearable. There's no doubt I was always hungover in his class but he always had a smile on, crack some serious dad jokes and was always available and happy to help after class
Professor LeClair is an amazing lecturer. He knows the material and is able to convey it to his students. He is also very nice; if I had a choice to retake his class I would.
Mark is an amazing professor. 5 Excel assignments, a quiz, a midterm, and a final. I didnt ever have to read the textbook. Easy A if you have taken micro before, or are just taking this for the core. If this is your first econ class, lecture may be a bit confusing, but he is super approachable; just ask questions in class and to go office hours.
Service learning class, so main homework was just working on a final project. Tends to ramble, but just smile and you'll be fine. Is very passionate about the topic.
if you actually pay attention to what he says, you will get so much out of his class. he always relates things to real life which makes it easier to understand- definitely take notes. not much work at all and he is very helpful. take him!!!
Great professor, highly recommend for EC11. Class consists of a few simple excel projects, a quiz, a midterm, and a final. Goes over a practice exam beforehand with eerily similar questions to the actual exam (exact same format). Great class for the civics requirement.
THE nicest guy/teacher you will ever meet
The BEST economics teacher I've ever had. Gives helpful review sheets for exams, the actual exam is almost a mirror image. Gives excel problems for homework. Funny character and is willing to help and go through any question. even if someone has asked it more than once.
this man is a smart engaging and fun to talk to. knows his stuff
He's a great professor. Test are usually straight forward and he's helpful. If you pay attention in class you can get an A-, B+ easily.
He's awesome. Although you don't have to go to class or buy a textbook, he uses real world examples and is always willing to help at any time. Puts out older exams to help. There are 2 midterms and one final and one quiz. Great class
This guy teaches his class without the use of the textbook and the tests are based off of his notes.. very straight-forward and an easy class
Awesome teacher! So nice, and very clear in teaching method. Tests are straightforward and easy as long as you study. Has some corny jokes. Take him if you can, you will love him!
Very considerate of students' schedules, and realizes he is not the only teacher you have. A little goofy, but easily one of the best teachers at Fairfield.
LeClair is a great teacher and loves his students. Go to class and pay attention. Everything on the tests are gone over the class before the test but you need to go to class to understand how to do it. Study for an hour or two before the test and your good. Definately A/B
BY far the best econ teacher at the university, the reason why i decided to econ minor. will go extra mile, goes way out of his way for his students, more than any other teacher. even if you don't have to take econ, you should, because he will teach you something, and you won't have to work too much
simply put; leclair is the man
I never took an EN class and it was required. I hate math and didnt understand a thing.. but still swung an A in the class. He is awesome
great guy, though not QUITE as easy as everyone says. doesn't even take attendance but you should go anyway.
Mr. Belvedeer turns into EC teacher. so cute. got a C, but that is becuase I never did a damn thing.
the best
awesome teacher, was looking for classes specifically because he taught them....very easy and a fun guy
He's an easy grader, realistic as far as his demands and a an all around nice guy...reminds you of your nextdoor neighbor in a Ned Flandersish sort of way...
A college class at a repectable university could NOT get any easier.
easy A, nice guy
very clear, nice guy, doesn't take attendance, great low pressure class
IS VERY NICE AND CARING, WILLING TO GIVE EXTRA HELP AND UNDERSTANDING
Great teacher and researcher! Great personality. Very Smart; Very funny!
Good Turkish professor
Professor Baytas is a great professor. His class is not easy but he breaks it down so everyone could understand. He is very patient and will explain anything that anyone doesnt understand. He does not read off powerpoints but rather he draws everything out and talks about the material. He is a helpful, great professor that truly loves his job!
I took Baytas about 30 years ago. Definitely one of the best. If you went to class and listened, it was easy. If you did not, it was at your own peril, because he taught micro significantly better than the textbook. His demeanor was hilarious and he gave me great advice in suggesting I leave the Economics major since I was too smart to teach.
AB is awesome, easily the most enjoyable lecture professor I've ever had, he's hilarious and kind. The course is just super tough. All the homework answers are online, do well on those and decent on the exams and midterms and you'll pass. I would show up to lectures, he's very good at breaking down the info and it helps.
Professor Bayatas is one of the best Micro teachers at MSU. He cares about his students and will go out of his way to make sure every student is successful. He can go off tangents at times but it helps lighten the class up. Pay attention and ask questions as it will help you out. Gets a 10/10 with a epic sign of approval. Take him for 101 and 102.
3 exams and a homework for each chapter discussed in class. Does not take attendance but I would show up to class. Listen and takes not of lectures and you don't have to read the chapters. Great teacher. He acts crazy in the beginning classes but stick with him and it will be worth it.
The material he teaches is very difficult but he puts it into easy to understand terms. He makes classes fun and entertaining and he has a good sense of humor. You will have to study, and there is some homework, but for an Economics class it was relatively easy and I learned more in his class than most other classes!
Took him for a hybrid winter course. He is a great guy and truly cares about his students learning, will repeat himself over and over if need be. He is very passionate about economics and it shows in his teaching ability.
Great professor
The class honestly does not take much effort. For the test, all you have to do is pay attention in class and study the homework assignments that he put up.
Great teacher, great guy. Always willing to help and genuinely cares about his students and their grades. Don't be lazy and you'll excel. Technically you do need the book for extra studying, but there are no assignments that require the book.
Professor Baytas was an AMAZING teacher. I took macro with him as a hybrid course in the winter session and it went so smoothly mainly because he cares about his students understanding the material. I would highly recommend taking a course with him. Homework was online quizzes, and there was only a midterm and final. He is very kind, and SO funny.
Prof Baytos is such a funny and unique professor. He is always willing to help students after class, and makes learning the boring subject of macro, in my opinion, really quite interesting. I learned a lot and enjoyed this class. The tests are not too hard if you study!!!
Great Professor. He explains all the concepts really well, in a clear and entertaining manner. (so funny!) 2 tests and a final. Attendance is not mandatory. Too bad he doesn't teach Econ102. One of the best prof at MSU.
Do exactly what he says. Read the book and you'll get an A.
The professor makes the class fun,explains material in simple terms and expects his students to study.He doesn't babysit anyone, and doesn't monitor anyone's learning progress.He assumes that his students are able to recognize themselves when to ask for help.If you are not used to studying without supervision-don't bother signing up for the class.
One of the best professor I've ever had. Very interesting, makes learning fun. His tests are easy if you're not retarded. No homework is given but reading the book can help you understand the material.
He's sooo cute! Loved him. good prof, but you have to study and take good notes. Very helpful.
Professor Baytas is a great professor. Take his class. He's great at teaching, is very funny, and genuinely cares about his student's academic performance.
This professor is actually a good professor to start with. (IT WAS MY FIRST SEMESTER) He has an accent but he is completely understandable. i recommend him. he's funny also A
This is a great professor. He really cares about his students and wants you to do well. If you have to take macro economics, take him! He gives major curves on all exams. Test are hard but if you do the work you will do fine.
Great teacher, explains really well and he is kind of funny. Impossible not to learn. Attendance is not mandatory, but you have to go to class, and you have to study and go through the hand outs he gives. Tests are not easy but he curves A LOT! If you are not lazy, take him.
He is the best professor!!If your really like Economics and you want to learn something just take him, he is the best!!
Awesome professor! Kept interest and made economics as interesting as it can possibly get. Looks at you as people, not students. Need to come to class and take notes to study for his tests, even though attendance isnt mandatory. If you show up and study his tests arent bad and he curves ALOT! I would definitely reccommend him and I learned a lot
fuuniest guy, somewhat diffucult class. Not his fault though its the material. HE explains well, and is very clear, But the work still hard. He tries to make the test as easy as possible and he curves huge. Ex. he gave our class before we took the test a 25 point curve if we got over a 75, 20 if we got over a 65...no attendance policy. FUNNY GUY.
The class is not very easy but the prof. was a lot of fun and cares that you learn the material. Do your part in this class and you will do well.
The best Economics professor at MSU. A true scholar and an incredibly helpful individual. The class is challenging but if you read the book, took detailed notes before class (and during) you will do fine.
This is the best Professor I have ever had !!!if you really want to stay in the Business School, don't think it will get easier. This Professor will teach you the basics that will save you later!!! He is very helpful and a fair grader. If you are a smart person, you won't have to work hard at all !
Dr. Reich is arguably one of the best professors I have had at JMU. He is caring, connects with his students, and understands when students may be having difficulties connecting with the material or the course. I would take him over and over again if I could. Take this class specifically with him!
Very encouraging and friendly, and provides very good feedback.
Tests were in-class essays. A couple of papers. In general, focus on showing up and participating in discussion.
I am currently in this class and it is amazing! There is a lot of readings, but they are all very interesting. Participation really matters, so make sure you talk at least once. His essays are very clear and are only about 800-1000 words. This class is so interesting and I learn something new everyday.
Truly my favorite professor I ever had at JMU. I took two of his classes and it was the most engaging class experiences I ever had. He is very knowledgable and his passion for African American history is admirable. He also helped me with my thesis project and wrote my letter of recommendation for Law School. I will never forget him.
Dr. Reich is 100% my favorite professor so far. You can automatically tell he loves what he does. He doesn't test on dates but compares historical figures. If you take notes during the discussions, you'll do well in class. Write EVERYTHING down, you're allowed to use them during quizzes. We used the book a lot. (edited rating, from Fall 2020)
this class is hard, and half of the grade is a 15-page research project we've been doing all semester. Reich doesn't want you to fail and has checkpoints for the paper as the semester progresses. Every class is a discussion based on readings, he expects you to read 100 pages for every class. hard class but it's a 400 level so work is expected.
Professor Reich is so nice and caring but can come across as aggressive and mean. His assignment are very intense and take a long time. you definitely need to up your writing game before coming to this class. Make sure you talk and turn everything in on time you will be fine.
Loved him! You can tell he is passionate about history. Make sure you participate in discussions, as most of class is discussion based. Tough grader, but he is very fair and gives good feedback. Graded on 2 short papers, a research paper, a midterm, a final, and participation. Great guy to have a conversation with, great guy to learn from as well
He is a very nice guy and accesible outside of class which allowed me to build a relationship with him. He grades very very tough and knows if you can do better and pushes you to do better. Has a nice curve at the end. I ended with a B but he gave me a B+. Graded on 3 papers, a midterm and final. The midterm and final were three essay questions.
My favorite professor, period. He is extremely easy to get along with and encourages your participation in class by letting you openly speak your opinion without criticism (which is really rare). He actively tries to help you on your work, especially if you show interest in history or want to continue in the discipline. If you take 395 take him!!!!
He's definitely my favorite professor at JMU so far and the most interesting class I've taken. Definitely a lot of reading, so if you don't do that it will be hard for you to do good. If you do your work and participate the class will be great. You can tell he is passionate about history and his job, I definitely would take him again if I can.
Dr. Reich had to leave half way through the semester and it was heartbreaking, because he was the best professor I've had. His class is discussion based from the readings for homework (which is quite a bit) but if you go to class and take notes, the exams and essays are easy, especially if you speak up in class, participate, and go to office hours.
Dr. Reich unfortunately had to take a leave of absence for personal reasons, but he was the best professor ive ever had. His lectures are engaging and he encourages participation. Theres a lot of reading and tough papers but I didnt mind them. I learned so much in the class. Hands down sweetest prof here. Loved him!!!!!
If you have the opportuntiy to take this class with Dr. Reich, do it. The amount of reading (9 books) can be intimidating at times, but if you put the effort into it it is not that bad. The class is entirely discussion driven, so if you thrive in that kind of environment as I do, it will be a blast. The grading is based off particpation and essays.
Favorite class I've taken at JMU so far. A lot of his discussion sections had to do with feminism, so if you like that you'll love this class. Some of the readings are long but the long readings are really good. I still read books by those authors. For each period of history you learn about, he really gives you insight into the time period.
Professor Reich is an awesome professor who seems to really care about his students and teaching. The discussion sections are the only downside of taking HIST225 but he still makes them fun and easy. I highly recommend Dr. Reich
Definitely one of the hardest professors, but you will learn a lot. He really cares about the subject and it shows. You need to do the reading- and there's a lot of it. Overall, very tough, especially for a gen ed, but if you put in the work, you'll do well. Go to his office hours and make it show that you're trying and he will reward you.
Reich was able to make a welcoming class environment while actually making topics interesting. He is very good about answering questions for assignments, and you can tell he's very passionate about history. He is big on participation, but is very good at explaining the content of readings. Easily one of my favorite professors.
Took Reich for HIST150 and am taking him for Hist225 next semester. He is the best professor at JMU that I've met. He will make you work for that A but you will be blessed every time you walk in his room. If his class is open, take it! Yes you read a lot and yes all of his test are papers, but he makes it all worth it!!!!!!!!
Pretty chill dude, his class was way more interesting than I thought it would be, and he's really passionate about what he teaches. He grades papers REALLY hard though, I went to his office hours a ton & he helped me amend my papers but I still usually got grades in the 70s... if you don't write exactly how he wants he'll be really unforgiving.
He is an amazing teacher. Although I have to do ton of reading, he makes stuff interesting to encourage people to join discussion. However, it's too hard for a GenEd class (esp. me as a business major). You're expected to read 50-100 pages or more every class. 3 papers which are not really hard. 2 mid term tests and finals. Tough class!
Really hard class, but if you have to take it, Reich is the guy to have. Reich is definitely my favorite teacher at JMU! Really helpful with assignments and critiques of paper, and is willing to help look for sources. The focus of the class is the American South, so lots of topics to choose from. His humor and knowledge make the class bearable.
He loves the southern history, he is extremely liberal and it shows in his lectures, he has very strong opinions but he tries not to let them interfere with the class, he really gives you a whole new perspective of history, it's kind of like a history class that is taught with a mix of psychology and sociology so it's awesome. Take the class!
When I signed up for this course, I honestly expected to be getting a C at best., but Professor Reich makes this course actually fun. I had an awesome time writing my research paper (I know I sound like a nerd) and I'm sort of sorry that its done now.
Dr. Reich is an awesome professor. He is an extremely smart guy, and he's nice too. He cares about the material and genuinely wants his students to do well. The tests are not that hard if you read the books and the online reading selections and attend the discussions.
Awesome guy, super nice. Weekly work, but not hard at all. GO TO CLASS and take notes and you'll be fine - dont rely on powerpoint, write down what he says! Good class, take him.
He is such a good History teacher, makes the class enjoyable and makes you want to do well. Take him!!!
This is the guy to take 395 from. You can really tell history is his passion.
THIS GUY IS AWSOME. I learned to love history because he is such an amazing teacher. TAKE HIM! He makes this stuff so interesting!
TAKE HIS CLASS. THIS IS THE BEST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD AT JMU. he's loves what he's teaching SO much and you love to listen to his lectures. he stutters, which adds to the adorableness. I LOVE HIM.
Passionate about History, and an all around great guy. Take him.
Dr. Reich is one of the best if not the best teacher i've ever had. He makes the boring parts of history interesting. There is alot of work, but you can get away with not reading the book but read discussion session stuff. This course is awesome!!!!!
Good guide for one of the hardest courses at JMU.
AWSOME TEACHER! my favorite so far! MAkes history exciting, easy grader and fun to listen to! really loves what he is teaching! TAKE HIM!!!
The class is a little difficult, but if you go to class and take notes you should do fine. He is really a great teacher. The lectures were interesting, the student teacher was a cutey too!! I loved him!! Def. recommend Reich for this class!!!
Kinda conservative
He is possibly the best history teacher I've ever had if not the best teacher at all. He is clear on his opinions and has fabulous lectures because of it. Be prepared to work, and write plenty, but it's totally worth it!
Extremely knowledgable, lots of reading, if you do the work you will do well
Best GenEd teacher I've had
He is a GREAT teacher! Makes the subject interesting; great sense of humor!
a little hard, but great teacher. Take advantage of his extra help!
Great teacher, great take on US history
Excellent knowledge.... by far the TOP 5 teachers in JMU
Difficult class, but far and away my favorite teacher here
friendly, interesting, sincere and really really nice
Very good professor, available for extra help
A bad proffeser
Prof Rexius is the best professor I have ever had. He has so much passion! You will work and learn so much from his instruction but dont expect an easy class. It will challenge you... get involved in a group. Cant skip classes or you wont pass. Awesome!!
Professor Rexius is a true gem. If and when he retires, Schoolcraft will be missing out big time. I'm not sure if rocks are interesting or if the way he taught them made them interesting, but I LOVED his class. There are three labs and 3 exams. No homework and no textbook. Take notes and study for the exams and you'll get a good grade!
Rexius is the best professor at Schoolcraft hands down. Took Physical and Historical with him and I plan to take Mineralogy. He's probably retiring soon, take him while u can. Take notes and study, you'll get an A. Pretty much 3 exams and a couple of labs, no homework but you HAVE to study. He's so passionate about rocks and you will be too after.
I loved having him, he made the class very interesting and he kept the room up beat. The labs were probably my favorite part of the class personally. I would definitely take a class with him again
Professor Rexius is the best professor at Schoolcraft imo. I took him for physical, then historical, then mineralogy. What can I say, I like geology. But I like it so much because Rexius was so passionate! It wasn't an easy A; you do have to study. But as long as you take notes and actually try on the labs, you'll do fine. No textbook. 10/10.
Best professor I ever had.
Like many have already stated here, Jim Rexius is the best teacher Ive ever had. I still share some of the stories he told us (Mt. St. Helens). Ive had a love of rocks & fossils since I was a child, but this class fueled my passion for geology & I still share facts I learned in this class with my family every time we happen across a landform.
Best teacher I've ever had. Makes boring rocks fascinating. Go to class on time and work hard in the class and you're good. No homework outside of class. Dude has some crazy stories to tell. Crazy in a good way.
I took both Rexus and Samer. Rexus is the best teacher I have ever had. He made rocks and science one of the best classes I ever took. To this day I still remember his lectures on rocks and think about them when I see a rock 6 years later. Must pay attention to his lectures including his stories. They all relate. Tests are hard if you don't prepare
So, I took this class a long time ago, and he may not be as much fun now. To this day, all his teachings are part of my life. Everywhere I look I see rocks. Stupid rocks, but these became rocks with stories after taking his class. I think there is always someone that can inspire the uninspired, and he is one of them. Thanks Jim.
Easily the best Prof. I've ever taken a class for.
No homework, no quizzes, no textbook! Show up to class every day or struggle. Do not be late or disrupt his lectures, or extra credit points will be taken away. The only graded things are the 3 labs and 4 big exams, so make sure to study. Class is interesting and fun. Professor is skilled and respectable.
this is one of the best professors i have ever taken. inspired me to pick my major after years of not knowing what to do. makes class extremely enjoyable. test heavy but just pay attention and study
The most enjoyable class I've ever taken. Inspiring me to pursue geology as a career.
Excellent professor--perhaps one of the best I've ever had. He has a lifetime of experience in this field. Hilarious & energetic. That said, class demands a considerable (but not unreasonable) amount of effort on your part. No homework--only tests, but how they're outlined some studying is required. (no multiple choice; complete sentence answers)
Jim is a gem; I love him. No text book reqd. He will tell you from day one that you will get your monies worth in his class; and you do! I will never look at rocks the same. I thoroughly enjoyed the class and the rock/mineral ID. His written exams are fill-in blanks. He keeps his lectures interesting and is quite hilarious.
AMAZING TEACHER. Had no idea how cool rocks could actually be until I took this class. He loves what he does and it shows in his lectures. Show up on time though- spoiler alert- it matters for your grade. Very smart man. Taking this class made me want to take his other more advanced classes. I promise, he will not disappoint
Leave your cell phone in your car. Don't show up late. And be prepared to get rocked.
Jim is a cool cat
Honestly the best teacher I have ever had! He is so passionate about what he does and it's contagious! His lectures are incredibly entertaining and enjoyable. Although it was an overall challenging class, Rexius made me want to succeed and pushed me to work hard. No textbook, so make sure you're taking good notes and study very for the tests!!
There isn't enough space here, to share my experience during this semester. Professor Rexius is outstanding! He is definitely not an easy A. He makes you work for it but I have gained more knowledge about our earth and rocks than I could have imagined. He provides excellent instruction and shares many, humorous adventures .Would take again!!
I took this science because no other science appealed to me. I ended up loving geology because of him and loving this course. If you show up and take notes you are fine. Study for the exams, there are only 3 but they are written tests. The labs weren't that hard and he let you use pictures of rocks on exams. He changed my look on science! TAKE HIM!
I love Jim he's the best. He knows his stuff and he's been teaching it for a long time. His stories are my favorite. And the best part is that he doesn't believe in giving out homework. It's a great way to complete your lab science and its usually a good time.
Honestly, my favorite teacher at Schoolcraft. He's funny and engaging. He makes sure he's explained everything thoroughly. The labs are a little tough, but they're enjoyable and he's really helpful if you have any questions. Would definitely recommend.
I was at first taking the class because I didn't want to take any other science.. I ended up LOVING this course! I give him credit for my current and new found love for geology. Do not be late, that will take down extra credit. If you pay attention and take extra notes it will help a lot. Make friends in class as well! Helps more. This was amazing.
Brilliant lecturer. Makes it nearly impossible to find the subject boring. Notesbooks aren't allowed during written exams, and these are not multiple choice. Reference materials are allowed for lab exams. Does not use a textbook, so note taking is essential. Use of open lab hours is a good idea. If you pay attention and study, you will do well.
Jim Rexius is clearly passionate about two things: Rocks, and teaching people about rocks. He is an excellent and entertaining instructor, but the course is very challenging and you will have to apply yourself during class for a high mark. Bonuses: No textbook (all lecture), and no homework (aside from studying your notes)! Would take again!
Very helpful. Best of his class.
Mr. Rexius is my favorite teacher so far! He is so kind, and an all around great guy. I took geology because I had to, but I'm walking out of this class with a serious interest in geology and I thoroughly enjoyed the class. He is very interesting! I highly recommend taking him.
My FAVORITE professor so far in my college experience. He made the subject so interesting. He is not only a teacher but a performer(in his enthusiasm when he teaches) which is rare to find(most are monotone. You can tell he really loves his studies. He actually is a geologist which helps. He gives extra attention and hours to come in for help.
I had no idea what I wanted to go into but two weeks after this course Rexius helped me decide that Geology was the field for me! Hes very caring and loves what he teaches!
Absolutely Phenomenal teacher! I have a serious man crush on the guy. It's a shame he's retiring soon, but rest assured I will take the last class he ever teaches! He'll be missed, and as you can see, he's left a very strong impression on quite a few people over the years! My best memory is getting to hear him play the piano!
James Rexius is a living legend. Probably the greatest professor that has ever lived.
I had this class over 15 years ago and never forgot it. Although I went on to pursue further education he is still the best Proff, I ever had, barr none. I have several friends who took him too and everyone feels the same. Take this class it will be the best thing you ever do!
one of the best, if not the best teacher the school has. he tough but extremly fair and helpful
Best class I've ever taken. I took it winter '11 but I still miss it. I wish the second Geo class was being offered in the fall just to take for fun but it isn't.
Great teacher, really loves the subject and makes his students interested as well. Make sure to study, but overall an amazing teacher and extremely knowledgable on the subject. He really wants his students to understand what he's teaching and will make an effort to help if needed. I took two of his classes and really enjoyed both of them.
Awesome teacher! You have to go to class in order to get a good great.
Words can not describe how great of a teacher he is. Best one I have ever had. If I did not have a dad I would ask him to adopt me. ha he's great
Prof Rexius is awesome & is so into Geology that it actually got me interested in rocks for a semester. Jim grades fair, is humorous, & actually teaches! I would recommend this class to anyone (:
ROCKS! I did not have a major interest in geology. I only took it so I wouldn't have to take bio. I am SO GLAD I did! REXIUS is the best teacher I have had through my four years of colllege! Often I think of how others should aspire to be like him. He is fair, understanding, and actually TEACHES!He is a great!
Easily my favorite class at Schoolcraft. He's a great teacher and the class moves at a nice challenging pace. There's not any homework aside from studying and there's great opportunity for extra credit as long as you don't end up with some jerk in your class who can't seem to be on time. Highly recommended.
Jim is amazing and he still has such passion for the subject after all these years
He's a great teacher! The class is so imformative and he has boxes and boxes of rocks and minerals that he has personally collected to assist labs! Not to mention his stories are great and not long and drawn out. So far, he's my all time favorite professor!!
This class was so interesting and informative. After taking this course you will look at the world in a whole new light. Professor really understands what he is teaching.
Took Mineralogy in Winter 2010. Awesome lectures, smaller class made it more interesting w/great camaraderie. Great field trip. Jim is ready to help with questions, but he never gives it all away. You have to do the work. Harder than 133, but if you like Geol, don't let it scare you. You might not get another chance to take such a cool class.
Rexius is one of the best teachers at schoolcraft. I never had any interest in Geology until this class. He is a great story teller and keeps his lectures interesting. He outlines everything that will be on tests very clearly. PLUS, he doesn't make you buy a book!!
Never thought I'd be interested in Geology, and now I'm planning road trips to visit Geological features. Awesome prof, can be considered hard but if you do your work and listen you'll be fine. Very fair. And a great guy all around. TAKE THIS CLASS
Great teacher. wish their were more like him. was an absolute pleasure taking his class. Not an easy A though, he'll make you earn it. Loves his subject and loves to teach.
Took this class to check the 'science with a lab' box and found Prof. Rexius to be the most engaging and entertaining teacher ever. He knows his stuff and makes you want to learn more! Warning:expect him to challenge you to think in his exams, but if you pay attention to the lectures and anecdotes and attend class you will have no problems at all.
I really enjoyed Mr. Rexius' geology class. I had no knowledge or interest in geology before I took this class and grew to love it during the semester. Mr. Rexius is the best professor that I have had in probably a decade, and I'm not joking. He makes class fun and interesting and wants you to do well in the class. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
Best teacher I've had in 25 years! He excels at keeping it interesting & makes it easy to learn. Tests are hard, no doubt- just take good notes & study them ALL, not just hand-out Q&A. VERY highly recommended for fulfilling your lab requirement, even if you don't think you have any interest. You will be surprised, and have fun. Great smile, too! :D
Best Professor I have ever had. I took every class he teaches and am considering taking another. If you need a lab class, take GEOL 133, it's very fun and worth it. The Mineralogy class takes a field trip to Bancroft, Canada for a week, it is so much fun, though this class is a bit tougher with a difficult long final, i would still suggest it.
THE BEST PROFESSOR AT SCHOOLCRAFT, PERIOD.
An AMAZING professor!If you are taking any geology course at Schoolcraft you will never regret taking it with Prof. Rexius. He can make you interested in geology when you have no interest in the subject at all before you took his class.
The Best
One of the BEST professors at Schoolcraft College. He really knows his stuff about rocks and really loves to teach geology. He can really get you interested in geology even if you have no prior knowledge or interest in the subject. Very highly recommended!!!
This teacher is AMAZING! Even during the lectures he was there to keep you awake and entertained. I had him for geology, and never had homework and you don't need a book. Best of all, he knows exactly what he's talking about and has plenty of experience with rocks.
Great class, instructor kept the material very interesting and relevant - would take another class form him in a minute
he is great and very entertaining! be prepared for a GEOLOGIST.
The skills and concepts that Jim taught me aided me in maintaining a 25 year career in the world of Chemical By-Products. He is a great instructor that respect and credit highly.
The skills and concepts that Jim taught me aided me in maintaining a 25 year career in the world of Chemical By-Products. He is a great instructor that I am credit highly
Jim is a great professor, person and whatever other compliment you can give. His humor is awesome and his teaching method is easy to follow. You need to pay attention and learn the subject but he makes it SO easy. HIGHLY suggest you take him!!!!!
Ill never need it ever but it was great and he is a great teacher
This should be a priority class if you need science with a lab. Be ready to work and to be entertained. Try to take a higher level class too before you leave SC. No book, only lecture and handouts. Lab tests are open-note but reg test are all fill-in. Test are more diff. than review sheets lead you to believe tho, so beware. Lotsa laughs.
soooooooo effin sexay, and he knows how to treat a lady
BEST TEACHER EVER!!! before I took this class, I read previous posts on this website and was worried because people said the class and tests were hard. They were not hard at all! you just have to pay attention and take notes! Rexius really makes this a fun class! He really knows how to keep the class interested. if I could, I'd take it again!
AWESOME professor! Really knew what he was talking about and is very passionate about it! has a very LOW BS tolerance so don't try to pull anything. haha attendance is mandatory for sure. but VERY challenging class. awesome professor though =]
AWESOME PROF! One of my favorites EVER! Take him!!! I hate science, and thought geology would be so boring- took it because it was a general ed. requirement that would transfer...but I LOVED it! Rexius is such a cool guy and teacher! Makes a boring subject fascinating! Really funny, too! Easy as long as you go to class!
Never thought you were interested in Geology? Take this class and you'll wonder what esker it's been hiding under all these years! He ROCKS! Literally.
He is one of the best professor in the college. He teaches in such a fun way that you do not think for a second that you are bored.
One of the best instructors ever,no textbook needed. He teaches from sheer brain power. He is very carismatic and you will need to take notes. If you attend and pay attention you are guarenteed to learn. Very intersting subjuect and great teacher.
even if you hate rocks and minerals you will like his class!!! he makes it where you will have a new respect for all that exists around you concerning the subject!!!!
Mr Rexius is the best professor ever. There is no book for this class and his test are extreamly easy if you study (2 hours tops) Very interesting guy if you need a lab class take this one you wont regret it!!!!
BEST teacher ever! He is so entertaining, and he really makes rocks and minerals intresting. HE is the best!
The best teacher ever!
Rexius is the best professor I've ever had. Do yourself a favor and take his class. You'll actually look forward to coming to class everyday. I hear he does awesome trips too.
I have never had a better teacher! I took his spring class this past semester and he was wonderful. I never thought rocks and minerals could keep my attention but he made things so interesting. I never check out places or books that teachers recommend but I actually WANTED to go see some of the things he told us about in class. He's fantastic!
Seriously, he is the best teacher I have ever had, I never knew how fun and interesting rocks could be!! Plus there is NO book! YEAH! Just take notes and stufy from them and you will ace his tests. Great class, highly recommended.
I didn't know what to expect. No book to buy. Took class over spring semester. All in class work. Excellerated class was a good pace and he made learning about rocks fun & interesting. Great teacher wish they all could be like this!!
Mr. Rexius is great, especially when he's licking his halite. I recommend everyone to take his class, not only is he extremely informative, but he is also quite the entertainer! I never fell asleep in his class.
Rexius is by far one of the best professor's I've ever had! If anyone can make me interested in rocks, then he's the one to do it. Do yourself a favor and take this class. Yes, tests can be difficult, IF YOU DON'T STUDY! The labs are interesting and you'll never get bored! Glad I had this experience! But I can't stop examing rocks! Thanks Rexius!
I have an AD from Washtenaw CC, and a BS from U of M. Rexius is the BY FAR the best instructor of any class that I've had at any of those schools. His lectures are so engaging, and he's so animated that I would attend them for entertainment. He's a SCraft institution. Everyone who wants to teach science should take one of his classes.
I highly recommend this class! You're missing out if you don't take a class with Mr. Rexius. I can guarantee you'll never have another professor like him!
Excellent teacher!! Best I've had so far! He is fun, keeps you interested and is generally concerned that you learn and enjoy it at the same time! He is very fair and if you show up, listen and take notes, you'll do well.
Really great teacher. He makes rocks interesting. He holds your attention and he's really fun. He also tells great stories. If you need a science lab class I highly reccommend him. Even if you think rocks are really boring take it anyway you won't regret it.
Still the greatest teacher at schoolcraft and the greatest teacher i have ever had in my years of school. This class is much more difficult than physical but well worth it i have never had so much fun learning a subject that is so advance and so hard. If you took physical and are looking for an advanced challege that is alot of funn take mineralolo
Did not want to take this class, but, it was the last one needed for graduation. Loved it! He was very fair, helpful, and personable.
I took this class because the advisor told me it was an interesting class with a fun teacher, who likes rocks? i thought... Well, now Im a Physical Geography major with Geology in mind as a concentration... If that doesnt say something about Rexius, than I dont know what else to say to convince you that this is the best course offered at Scraft.
AWESOME teacher! Made me realize what i want to do. No textbook required, all you have to do is go and listen, but he makes it VERY interesting. Who knew rocks could be so cool? His labs are fun! Need a lab science class? take this.
Hilarious and awesome
Great teacher will challenge you but if you take notes you will be fine. Very intresting and funny likes to tell stories like to yell alot but not in the bad way in the funny way. and his labs are very fun. recomended if you are taking a lab science.
he is one of the funniest and most interesting teachers i have ever had. i would highly recommend his class, it qualifies as a lab science and it way more interesting than any other lab science you will find at scraft. and if you give him a chance, he has a lot of cool stories to tell. great class.
Excellent Teacher, highly recommended. Makes Geology fun to learn. Geo 133 exams are pretty cut and dry. Pay attention, take good notes & prepare. Labs can be a bit daunting but not impossible. His higher-level Geology classes like Geo 134 and Mineralogy 237 become much more challenging and not such a piece of cake but are well worth the effort.
Professor Rexius is a great teacher. He knows his field and makes the material interesting. Be prepared to work, the labs and exams are challenging, you have to think. But then its college and No one ever said this was going to be easy. His field trips are fun and you may end up with a new intrest in geology not to mention a house full of rocks!
He is a great teacher. He askes questions, and makes you think. As long as you are trying, he will go out of his way to help you. His labs are hard but as long as you don't goof off and do the work your fine. He does have the hardest test I've had at scraft, but when you get an A it makes it that much better.
Great teacher!
His tests are hard, but if you show up to class and take notes and study you will do great. He makes lectures interesting. He is fair, as long as you are fair with him.
great teacher. very easy to understand. rocks are the most exciting thing i've learned about so far. take notes, show up to class, and for pete's sake, pay attention. do these things and you can't go wrong.
One of the best professor i have ever had. This is actually a class you would love going to. His lectures are so entertaining and he is funny as well. Very easy to talk to, always there to help students. If you take good notes and study a little bit, you get an A.
Dr. Rexius is one of the best professors at this school! He wants you to do well, but you have to do your part and he will go over & above what a normal prof will do. Sparked an interest in Geology that I didn't know I had.
AWESOME TEACHER! He's very smart, informative, and funny. I learned a whole lot. The class is kind of hard, you have to do a lot of lab stuff and pay attention, but it's pretty easy. He is one of the best teachers i've had, he really makes you learn.
Great teacher, but a horrible father.
Awesome teacher. Keeps you involved and interested. It's not an easy class, but well worth the work and I love Rexius. He makes the class so much fun!
The BEST Prof at Schoolcraft and best I've ever had. What a showman. You will love this class. An extra benefit for the girls...he has a great butt!!
I love this class. He is a great teacher, very interesting. You will not fall asleep in his lectures. The class is hard, but actually makes you think. Well worth it!
He is so good I almost changed my major to Geology and I was on a business route.
I enjoyed his class so much. He's a great teacher, very helpful and nice. Labs are a bit tough. Just take notes and listen and you'll do fine.
Took his class about 13 years ago and still think about it. I have always been very passionate about "rocks" so the class WAS of interest to me. He was enthusiastic, approachable and extremely helpful. Wish all my prof's were like him!
Mr. Rexius is what a teacher should be. Very intelligent man, "down to earth", makes learning simplified, shows alot of enthusiasm still after so many years of teaching! If you think you dont want to learn about rocks--think again. Take this
super fun
A very fun and interesting teacher he makes learning easy but the subject sucks (rocks).
One of the best professors i've had at S'craft, I learned alot, he made rocks fun!
pretty damn cool...i learned alot!
Awesome!
This man managed to make Rocks fun!! N'uff Said!
Rexius makes learning fun, therefore you learn way more than you wanted.
Ms. Hoffman is an EXCELLENT teacher! She talks a lot and assigns a lot of work but it's because she really wants you to know your stuff. She's very helpful and a very fair grader. I loved her and I would take a class with her anytime!
Very good professor. Highly recommend!
Very good teacher. Very easy to get a 4. With the homework and discussions you will learn alot in this class.
I had an awesome semester with Professor Thomson, he's kind, caring, and wants you to succeed. I would definitely recommend his courses.
Great teacher! Not too much work for the class and was given enough time to complete each assignment. I just wasn't prepared for the 10-page research paper, but it honestly wasn't bad. Just plan ahead. Gives great feedback and responds in a timely manner. 100 percent would take the class again.
Dr. Thomson is very nice and understanding. He gives great feedback on your discussions and you can tell he really enjoys the subject. You have to write a 10 page paper for the final, but he breaks it down to where you do a little bit of work for the paper every few weeks, this way you don't freak out and it's not all at once.
This professor taught me that understanding history is much more than just learning facts and spitting them out. This course is writing intensive. I would recommend starting work on your project early and asking him for feedback. This professor keeps the standard for understanding history high, which is desperately needed in this country.
Alec Thomson is hands down the best professor I have ever had at Schoolcraft. The work is not hard and does not take a long time. His version of the textbook is so much easier to understand than a typical textbook. If you have to take any sort of history or polysci class, take him.
I loved Dr. Thomson. He made political science fun and interesting! He was always kind and helpful. He also gave really great feedback on the papers we wrote in his class. The tests and essays were fairly easy as long as you paid attention throughout lectures.
This was the first fully online course I have taken, I'm used to the remote learning style after last year. I was worried about the class being unorganized but the way Professor Thomson had the whole course set up made it so easy to get your stuff done on time. He was very organized and easily accessible throughout the summer term.
Professor Thomson was a great online teacher. I took him for POLS 105 and HIST 151 online (7 weeks). It definitely was a decent amount of work. For POLS, you have long discussion posts every module and assignments every other one. A lot of writing, but not difficult. The only hard thing about HIST was the 10 page paper at the end. Would take again!
Professor Thomson was awesome. I took POLS105 online and learned a lot from him. He took the time to video the intro to each week and give you the important nuggets from the teaching. His class in general is easy; quiz, blog, and assignment every week with a mid-term. He wants you to pass with a good grade. Take him and you won't regret it!
Real easy, watch his module videos, read the chapter, and you'll pass this class with an easy 4.0. He tells you everything that is graded and due at the start of the semester and those dates never change. One quiz, one assignment, and one blog every week. The work takes an hour max of the week. Real easy going guy.
He respects others opinions. He was an easy grader and the amount of work per week was very manageable. The assignments were easy and interesting because they were related to current issues. You do have to read a chapter a week and take a quiz but the quizzes were straight out of the text. Also emails back quickly with good explanations and help!!
Professor Thompson is a great teacher. I have taken him twice, once online and this time on campus. He spends time getting to know his students and gives good feedback and if you ask questions before the exam he is more than helpful. He did have a few pop quizzes so prepare but he gives lots of extra credit opportunities and lectures are interestin
definitely one of the best profs at school craft! loves what he does and it really shows. he also takes the time to get to know his students more than just their names (assuming they show up to class more often than not). id take every class he offered if i could
He is a pretty great professor. I got an A on every paper, and you have to do a book review for the class. I read the book the day before the paper was due, wrote the paper in less than an hour, and still got an A+. He goes over everything from the book in class so honestly don't bother buying it.
Always gives feedback and has a clear and concise schedule. I like that he is online and made due dates for all assignments due on the same day (usually due on a Sunday night). I would highly recommend as he keeps students engaged, and really makes history interesting, and ties previous history with current history. Fair grader, and wants to teach.
Professor Thomson makes each class very fun. He does not give out a lot of homework or tests. He will once in a while give out quizzes that are not graded on accuracy. He is very funny and cares about his students. I had him twice and in both classes he assigned us all to do a book report though. I highly recommend taking him.
Best Professor at Scraft. He's there to help.
Assignments are pretty simple. Yes there is a lot of writing involved, but most times does not require citing sources. Very fair grader. Great at responding to email, and very helpful. Recommended 100%.
Great class took it online for 7 weeks a lot of work jammed into 7 weeks but you should be fine I got a 4.0. There were 3 modules a week so if you can't keep up with the work then do the 15 week course and save your grade. There are no late assignments
Professor Thomson is a great professor, but you better plan on working for your grade. I took his 7 week online Ancient History class this past spring, and it was intense. Lots of online reading, essays, and discussions. This class challenged me and I had to work hard for my grade, but I have never been happier or more proud of a grade that I got.
I took pols hybrid 5 weeks. Long lectures but not boring there are 4 reaction papers 13 online quizzes and your midterm and final is online. Hard to fail this guys class. He is easy to understand and will help you with anything. Take him!
Lots of knowledge! Really enjoys participation so make an effort it will make the term a breeze. Ask for assistance he will support you. Left the class with a lot of knowledge.
Good instructor. Truly, a positive guy. Took course online-he provides timely and professional feedback. A real class act. Also learned a lot during the short seven week period. Highly recommend.
Super Awesome, took class on line and was really fast and helpful with email..
total babe, class is pretty boring he's quite funny. just do chapter exams, book review, and journal article, you do not really have to go to class just know dates for when stuff is due.
nice guy. good teacher. fair grader. class is easy. not much homework. one book to read as a final project, and some small homework assignments. easy teacher. take this class.
This is a great class- highly recommended even if you don't need it for a requirement, if you haven't had a civics primer before. The amount of homework is very reasonable; but more important, it is timely. The weekly assignment is often relevant to current events & helps students consider their government. Really liked the engaging nature of text.
Great professor! I had registered for his HIST 151, POLS 105, and an online history class. He knows what hes talking about and how to relate the material to current issues and puts everything in lamens terms. Lectures are great summaries of the reading material, although tests do require a little more than class notes.
He was a wonderful professor. He made political science interesting, and I actually wanted to come to his class. He is quite funny, but I was quite the ditz and never knew when he was serious or not. I would definitly recommend him.
very easy to get an A always lets you out early
Tokk 7 week course, and even thouhg we blasted through the material, he kept it interesting and thought provoking. Enough that I wiahed I had taken the class in person now.
He was an awsome teacher. verry nice and always willing to help in and out of class. i meet with his several times for extra help on assignments. also tests and exams are verry easy.
Ive only had the class once but am already looking forward to the rest of the semester. He seems very knoledgeable and has a great sense of humor
This guy has an awesome teaching style. I looked forward to his class and I had an eight am class with him.
This teacher was awsome! I took his online course. I had a major conflict with a grade I got and he resolved it fast. If I could take him again I would. Also when I had the conflict I went in and talked to him face to face, mmmmmmm he's hot! He is the best looking teacher I have ever had, but he is like 30 something and he is married. AAAA++++++
I took this class as an experimental hybrid section lots of reading and a required journal three times a week. neither was all that hard if you kept up with them. required 3 papers over the couse of the term which took some time but were not hard at all I would recomend this prof
I had Alec for the experimental POL 105 class I have to say it was a great pleasure. Most of the readings were interesting and none of the work was all that hard as long you read the books and do the work regularly. This is best political science teacher/class anyone could hope for.
Alex was a GREAT teacher, funny guy who enjoyed laughing about issues and things that were funny. We watched farenheit 9/11 and even got to be in his class when his baby girl was born! Recommended highly by me.
Just finished this course online. Lots of work, don't think that you don't have work, because you do. A weekly discussion that is due once a week, and three If you are willing to work hard, then take this class.
NOT an easy class. Took it online and got a 4.0 but not without lots of work. Nobody's fool, if you want to snow someone this is not the instructor to take! Very helpful, knows exactly what he wants.
Tough class, but great teacher. Will go to great lengths to help students who are willing to give an honest effort.
This class is great! I hate pols, and he has made it worth my time to not miss his class yet! Lots of fun too!
Very awesome teacher. class seems like it is just one big conversation instead of a boring lecture. He throws some entertaining dry humor in also. And also very easy on the eyes ;)
Best stats class ever! Professor Thomson makes asking questions easy. I've always stuggled with math but I really felt like I learned a lot in his course. Those blue eyes can't be real; he must wear contacts.
Ooooh. :] Very good professor, took him twice because I'd rather listen to him speak than a 60 year old professor. hehe, he was nice... nice eyes too. ;)
He is AWESOME! He makes the class fun!!!
Very fun and laid back teacher, discussions were great and interesting for once!
very nice and a good teacher
He's a funny guy and stresses that we're in college and should be having fun instead of doing homework. Often lets lecture out early if you choose to show up (which I would recommend because sometimes he gives extra credit in-person and tells you exactly what you need to write down). Homework and exams are easy. Take his class if you can!
Doesn't take attendance and tbh I stopped going to class after a month. Homework and exams are all online and open note! Prof is super nice and class consists of him lecturing. If you're taking STAT200 definitely take it with him!!
my king. if you have to take stat200 take it with him. super sweet and truly wants his students to succeed. exams are online and not timed which is awesome. homework due each sunday but they don't take too long.
Great class, highly recommend. Homework was due once a week and, (for the most part), was not too challenging. Exams were online and you were given a whole week to work on them. Dr. PK is a good guy who really does want every student in his class to succeed. 10/10.
all exams online, so nice, no attendance mandatory, DEFINITELY take him for Stat
Professor P.K. is one of the best stats instructors at the University of Delaware! TAKE HIM IF YOU NEED A STAT200 CREDIT!!!
Do yourself a favor and take this class. He doesnt make much sense but I did nothing in this class except look up answer since everything is online and passed with a B+. Seriously so easy and you don't need to go to class but sometimes he gives bonus randomly if you do so I went. If you dont seriously need stats in your carrer TAKE HIM
LOVE PK. Take his class! No idea what was going on but everything is online and there's so much extra credit. He has one volume and it's yelling but he's actually very nice. I hate stat and there was so much homework but trust me this class is the best option!
Attendance is not mandatory but so much homework on Webassign but it's easy to just get it done. Exams are online and you have a week to take them, 2 tries per question. The Final is the same but only 1 try per question. He's a good professor and genuinely wants you to understand and makes it easy.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND if you need a STAT credit. Easy A course. Tests online, weekly online homeworks due. Dude is so understanding and in his syllabus literally says "Anyone who tries deserves to succeed". Cannot stress enough take this course with PK.
If you need a stat class and do it online he is the teacher you MUST take. Easiest math course I have ever taken and never watched a single lecture. Just do all the homeworks which usually have a week-3 weeks to do and you will get an easy A+
PK is such a nice guy. He is very understanding and always there if you need help. The exams are clear and straightforward and he really wants you to succeed in the class and in life in general.
PK is the best & nicest Professor I had all semester. Asynchronous class and everything is open book, only homework and three tests and a bonus project. Get more than one attempt for every question, unlimited time, and at least a week for everything. Homeworks can be difficult but PK and the TA were always kind and helpful in office hours
Nicest professor at UD. All exams are open book, gives extra credit, attendance not mandatory. His teaching style isn't the best but very easy course
You literally can go to the PBL's and pass the exams. He helps you before you hand them in. Made STAT200 an easy A
3 exams and are all open books. Very easy-going and willing to help. Online assignments are quite difficult. Don't need to attend class every time.
AMAZING professor. First day of class he said you'd have to try not to get an A and he is right. You don't need to show up to class, but his lectures are informative and engaging. Definitely take this class with him!
BEST professor ever! He is soo helpful and willing to help whenever you need help or are confused. Material is challenging but it's ok because exams are all open book and basically wants everyone to get an A+. Take him take him take him
Nice guy
One of the nicest guys out there. Always willing to help, just an all around good guy.
pk dominates. his class is easy.
She is a great teacher, and will explain topics to the fullest! She is great
Shes personable and seems fairly* knowledgeable. But like most professors in this department, shes very lazy, takes FOREVER to grade assignments and get stuff to you that you need. Also, she shares personal opinions and stories that are quite frankly classless. Easy grader.Don't need to read unless you want to talk in class.. or maybe for some hw.
This lady is awesome!! She's so fun and friendly and as for the material, she is very knowledgable. She makes the class really fun, interesting, and engaging.
Tara ROCKS!
very friendly..its only 1 credit but she makes it enjoyable
Biomedical Ethics was of the best classes I attended at UNCC. Taught me a lot more than ethics. Help me learn how to think and have an opinion.
very interesting professor, class pretty easy, would definitely take him again, smart guy!
Awesome teacher, I LEARNED A LOT...even though i made a C, I still recommend him, GREAT MAN!!!
(Math 3000) She is literally great! I had to retake this class and she happened to be my professor and honestly I understood the material way better 2nd time around; not bc I had taken it before but bc she did a really good job at explaining it. Doesn't collect all the homework but you should still do it bc they help with exams and weekly quizzes.
This professor is great! She assigns a lot of hw but it will help you extremely on quizzes and tests. Be sure to check the examples on the book, she uses them the majority of the time. just make sure you get as many points as you can on the labs.
I love Professor Holmes, he's clearly very knowledgable on anything to do with history or political science, and his lectures are super easy to understand. He's also hilarious and super chill, and even though B1 was kinda boring, he always made the boring parts funny. Highly recommend!
I loved taking his class! Just make every day or week go over the notes you have and materal dont wait last minute to study it will not work I disoved that in the second test and had to get an 90% on the third test just to get back on track to get a C. Overal He is a great professor!!
Professor Holmes was one of my favorite professors at Bakersfield College. While he is a tough grader and the course is test heavy, he makes the class super enjoyable. As long as you take notes and pay attention to the lectures you will be able to pass the class with a C or better.
Stay engaged in the lectures. Clear and concise information. Take great notes for studying the exams. He does give extra credit assignments and extra credit on exams. Do not miss a day and you will be just fine. Study your notes off the lectures and you will pass the exams. Exams are multiple choice and questions that require writing about.
One of the best professor's I've ever taken. Take notes with a laptop if you can because his class is based solely on your lecture notes. If you don't take good notes, buy the book or you won't pass. He's a straight shooter that gets to the point. Hilarious guy, there was never a dull moment. If you want a free ride, this isn't the class for you.
I enjoyed this class so much.Took it in the summer, so be prepared to study because the material is a lot. If you're not afraid of lecture heavy classes, I suggest using a laptop to take notes and you'll do fine. The book is only helpful if you don't take good notes since he moves at a fast pace. This has been one of my most favorite classes ever.
Professor Holmes is just a legend. I really enjoyed his teaching style and humor. The class was a breeze as long as you read over the material which he kindly printed for us and distributed to the class. He grades quite nicely and provides extra credit. You can have a laugh with him from time to time and his class are very fun and great to be in.
Awesome professor! I took this class online and as long as you are taking good notes, making sure you are studying and doing what you should be you will pass this class easily.
There are 3 tests, a report, and an extra credit opportunity. The exams are exactly like the lecture. You need to get the book, but you can use the one he has on hold in the library. He responds to emails, and has office hours available. The class was easy, but if I'm honest. I was just not applying enough study time. Great professor overall.
What this class essentially boils down to is the midterms, which happens to be the only things you're graded on besides the final. The essays are rather easy if you happen to be able to take what notes you can from his pre-recorded zoom lectures, but if you make use of the zoom transcript then the essays get much lighter in difficulty.
hes a cool professor but is extremely difficult in class
Great professor, I think the post below are spam post based on someone that had a bad experience. Holmes is funny and if you pay attention and actually study the material you will pass. The essays arent bad for the midterms if you write them out a couple times. Test arent hard either considering he tells you exactly what to write during lectures.
I took this class online due to COVID-19. There's lots of powerpoint presentations to watch, but it's better than reading the textbook. Don't buy it. It's totally not necessary. The powerpoints go into good detail. Take good notes and you will do good on the tests. Grades consist of 3 midterms, 1 municipal report, 1 final. Extra credit available.
Really great professor. Hes really funny and sometimes makes fun of everyone in the class but its all in good spirit. His lectures are really entertaining and can get off topic but somehow relates it back to the lecture. Tests are always from the notes. Do not bother buying the textbook you dont use it. I got by with memorizing the notes.
He says you need the textbook, but he grades mostly based on his lectures. He gave a pop quiz the first week and almost everyone failed, but it wasn't graded. Grades are based on tests and a short paper about a political meeting you attend (of your choice). You can write another paper for extra credit. His lectures may be the best I've ever heard.
Professor Holmes is one of the best professors Ive had at BC. Hes very straightforward and to the point about his grading. I didnt use the textbook, but I did use it for my research paper as extra resources so it does come in handy. Youre graded one few things, so as long as you do well on those, youll pass. He reignited my love for polisci
Great person! Very funny! His lectures are great! He really makes it easy to understand the material with real world examples! I really enjoyed this class!
Best professor I have ever taken. I don't care who says what about anyone else, I love this professor to the point he deserves a shrine in my room. Walked into this class dreading it, and now want to major in political science. He's heavy on lectures, but the lectures are great. If you don't like sarcasm and awesome teaching, I wouldn't recommend.
A municipal report and 3 or 4 (depends on how much time is left) tests make up your grade. Most of the material comes from the lecture, but reading will help you if you have trouble. Tests are 50 MC and an essay. He's very straightforward and gives out the essay prompts for all tests on day one. There really shouldn't be any reason to don't pass.
3 tests, a research paper, and a municipal report make up your grade. The tests are 50 MC questions and an essay. The MC section requires some reading and you have the essay prompts beforehand. You have all that you need from the first day. If you take notes, skim the textbook, and do the work then you should have no problem passing the class.
Gives you the essay questions beforehand, so there's no reason why you shouldn't do well. There is also a paper and presentation assignment, both of which the dates are set way in advance. Approachable professor and very willing to help
The class wasn't too hard but not a lot of assignments so you really have to do well on EVERYTHING to get a good grade.
Professor Holmes is the best at what he teaches. He describes it in a way you will understand. If you get offended easily don't take him. He is the best Professor to take for any Political Science class.
Holmes is a great professor. Everything you've heard about him is true. The class is easy if you show up and take good notes. Prepare for the tests and you'll be ok.
he's literally the funniest teacher ever. He tell's you what to write and what to study yet you just have to put in the work to memorize it but it's not that hard. He'll give you an easy extra credit assignment that will give you a whole grade bump. I say just do it
Professor Holmes is really funny & will offend everyone, so if you can't handle jokes I don't reccomend to take him. His exams are 90% based on his lectures so I suggest not missing class. He only grades 4 tests and 2 reports (1 report is extra credit). He gets sidetracked a lot so time runs out. (Test 3 becomes the final). Highly recommend him.
Professor Holmes is by the best teacher.I took this class for GE credit and he really broke it down. Guy knows his stuff make sure to take good notes and you will pass ! all you have to do is STUDY STUDY STUDY! Only three exams with an essay which he gives you so you have plenty of time to memorize it before hand ! He's hilarious too!
best professor i've ever had hands down. if you're looking for someone that's intelligent, eloquent & easy to understand, all while being hilarious, holmes is the professor for you. also just know the book isn't needed, everything you'll ever need for the test is given to you with his outlines / lectures.
Hes super inspirational tbh & is also super funny
Holmes is soo great. I looked him up on here and it was the best choice I've made so far. He's super hilarious and such a smart ass and he teaches in a way that anyone can understand. I never missed a class by choice because he always has something funny to say. Even my friend comes and sits in on the class. Trust me, you won't regret it.
Makes govt fun, must attend class to get all the info. Theres nothing on the tests that he hasnt gone over in class. Take good notes and youll be fine.
He is hilarious! Show up to class and study the material. Grade is based off exams, a municipal report, and the final. Jokes about rather controversial topics so if you get offended easily - don't take this class. Overall, he's a great professor.
Great teacher. The only thing you have to do is go to lectures and study for the tests. There are only 3 tests during the semester, no hw whatsoever. Super hilarious and interesting. You will actually learn in his class.
Mr. Holmes is an excellent example of a well educated professor, he has plenty of knowledge. He is also very caring and wants all his students to succeed. You MUST have a sense of humor to survive his class. Show up and take notes. Create and outline ahead of time for essay questions and this class will be your easy A.
Holmes is really good he makes Government exciting and interesting. He is very funny and picks on students, but also caring. Grade is based of exams so you must study, take notes and do good on the tests.
Tests are 50 multiple choice questions nearly all from lectures (some from the chapters!) and 1 essay question (you get all the essay questions in the syllabus, TAKE ADVANTAGE). 1 report is necessary, do it early. 1 extra credit opportunity, def do that early too. Lectures are hilarious, would def recommend him for B1 b/c the class is super easy.
I took Political science over the summer. This was the first college class I ever took, and it was really easy. I enjoyed his class. He is hilarious. Write an outline of the essays ahead of time and memorize them. Also, take good notes, and study them.
Really great professor but not the best choice if you take everything up the butt.
Bought the book and never opened it. 95% of whats on the exams are from his notes. So i didn't bother with the book and still got an A. Take good notes, STUDY, and you will be fine. Holmes pokes fun at everything and you will love him. However if you are someone who gets offended easily, take a different instructor.
He is a great teacher but you need to be sure to take good notes and make sure to study his tests are not difficult unless you don't study.
Professor Holmes is hilarious, but he is very clear when giving information and as long as you show up for class, take notes, and study for exams, you should have no problem passing.
He is a great professor and does so well with the students. There is not one lecture that is boring! has 4 exams, They are only 4 exams; it is easy if you study.
I never imagined I'd enjoy this class, but Professor Holmes is AMAZING! He made learning about politics and government so fun. TAKE GOOD NOTES and write the essay questions out ahead of time to memorize. I loved going to class and it was never boring. He really knows his stuff and teaches it in a way that helps you remember! I'd take it again.
Amazing professor. Don't buy anything but the supplement- I didn't even unwrap the other book, and I got an A. All testing is directly from lecture. Only study three of the essays- he lets you pick one out of two of them for exams. Absolutely hilarious and great at making sense of things in simple, relateable terms.
Professor Holmes is, by far, one of the best professors on campus! I had him for American Government and then for Political Science and both classes were intriguing. His lectures are fun and you are pretty much guaranteed a good grade if you participate and take notes. He is always available if you need help. I definitely recommend :)
Holmes is great! He is one of the most "real" professors I've ever met. He doesn't baby anyone and really knows his subject. A very relatable guy, easy to go to for help. His tests are only hard if you go into them by trying to cram days before. Still say hi to him when we cross paths on campus. Would absolutely take again!
Holmes is great! He was able to keep my attention throughout class, even though I started early in the morning. He applies the concepts to daily life, and presents material in an interesting way. As long as you attend regularly, take good notes, and pre-answer the essay questions, you'll do fine.
From day one he states that if you can't take a joke, you should find another class. While he's got some jokes that might offend, he makes history interesting and informative. He also has a way of making the subject matter feel personal, in a good way. Tests seem hard until you realize he literally gives you everything. Highly recommended!
the best professor I have had. He makes class interesting he loves his job. there are 3 test and 1 paper. attendance is required lectures are very important.
Great class. Loved the professor. You have to pay attention to his lectures and pre answer the essay questions you will do great! only three tests. One report I got an A on and extra credit is available which I also received an A on! You'll love him.
Guy is awesome! He tells you everything you need to know for the three exams. He is funny. Also, if you go to his office, HE WILL READ YOUR ESSAYS AND GIVE YOU WHAT HE WANTS TO SEE ON THE TEST. I have taken hard prof's, Mr. Holmes is not one of them. Don't be lazy, do the essays, and you should get an A.
I didn't even buy a book and i got a B+, he is a really great teacher. As long as you show up a majority of the time and take good notes your good to go.
If you show up everyday, listen, write down what he emphasizes as important, review all your notes for an hour or two at the end of every week, and study about half an hour before every quiz, there should be absolutely no reason you can't at least get a B+. Most likely an A, though. Pretty funny guy. Just buy study guide, no need for textbook.
Best teacher!! Super easy, material is straight forward. Mr.Holmes is a cool teacher, he always made us laugh with his crazy stories, hes awesome!
Very Funny teacher, explains things clearly. Goes off topic a lot but somehow his stories tie into the subject he's teaching about. Highly Recommend him. Took him for Summer, only had 3 tests (multiple choice and essay) and no homework. Gives little extra credit. Attendance not req.
Dude is awesome. He teaches Political Science in ways that everyone understands, Dude is a comedian. You want to laugh your ass and learn at the same time then take this guy. Mr. Holmes your awesome!!
Easy class. You do not need the book, but attendance is mandatory. Do the extra credit, complete the municipal report as early as possible, study your notes to the lecture outlines, and there's no chance of failing unless you are incredibly dull. I love Mr. Holmes! Quite funny.
Class is only as hard as you make it. Just show up for class and take notes, don't buy the book. Research paper involved in this class but not in B1. You take 3 tests which are based off the notes and there is an essay on every test. Not the type of class if you want to do nothing and get by.
he's a hard teacher at BC, and an easy one at CSUB, the only difference is the students' efforts. if you CAN'T get a B with him, you're probably not trying. he warns you on the first day about his teaching methods, and he doesn't disappoint.
He is a great teacher. He nearly gives us the answers of the essay portion of the exam. Compare to other professors from CSUB, he is easy. All you have to do is study and not mess around.
This guy just loves to teach
Fantastic
Great Teacher! he explains things so even the stupides person can understand. I love the way he puts in his own life stories to make his point clear. there is a lot of work, but his test are mainly from his lecture. He is funny, understandable, and a joy to have as a teacher.
He is so funny and is well educated in his field. I thought his class would be boring but he made it funny and I learned very much.
I took his class two years ago and came across this. I swear, he may be a little tougher but take him! He is the best and most memorable teacher I had!He is so hilarious you remember everything! He is not a teacher for people who don't like to have fun while they learn...like the people who said he was "out there." That is why I loved him.
Holmes is a terrific professor, and he really knows his stuff. Sometimes he can be crass, but he is funny and gets the important stuff across clearly. Take good notes and study and you should do fine.
An Excellent teacher that I ever had. I am an international students and I compared Homles not only with B.C teacher but overseas as well. I swear this guy is best of the best. A bit hard grader but he teaches crystal clear, class is so much fun. Stongly Recommended. Very Nice and funny teacher. Keep the good work Professor Homles. Thanks a lot,
Entertaining teacher. Very easy class if you attend the lectures and take notes. Loved the class and would definitely recommend to others.
Very funny and smart. Exams are college material.If you study for the essay questions you should be fine with the multiple choice. His lectures will make you remenber the material anyway. Take notes!!! HE IS THE BEST.
He is brilliant. I think he may be the best lecturer ever! He doesn't enforce attendance, but if you miss much, there's no way you'll pass his tests which are lecture intensive. He's helpful and offers extra credit to makeup any points you may be missing. He's hysterically funny and cusses constantly.
He is a great teacher. If you don't like taking notes then don't take his class. He is so Funny and always has a story to go with the lesson.
Great prof! Funny, keeps it interesting. Hated the textbook, but loved his lectures!
With the ITV all you need to do is read the chapters, kind of watch the video, but makes sure you know all the answers to the essay question and your good. He give you the essay question for all the test at the beginning of the semester so it just ocmes down to doing the work.
he's a great teacher!! wasn't to interested in this class at first but after taking it he makes it very fun and interesting!! He has a lot of stories but they are all like analogies for his lectures! GREAT TEACHER...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! just be sure to study your notes and the essay questions that are handed out on the first day of class!!!!
Lots of studing. I took the ITV class. As long as you read and know your essays you should do well. Test are multiple choice, gives extra credit and will give you help if you need it.
Holmes is the best professor i've had at B.C. so far. He balances his lectures from serious lectures on the subject to the most hilarious stories and analogies i have ever heard. Take good notes, study for the tests, start and finish the term paper early, and you will do well. HOLMES FOR PRESIDENT!
Oh my goodness! I LOVE MR. HOLMES! He had me laughing the enitre time. I don't know hos he does it, but he just is an amazing teacher, and so lively! HE is very knowledgeable and he fits right into the conservative Bakersfield, which is rare for a poli sci teacher.
This is the Best Professor in Bakersfield. I have, since B.C., had professors in So Cal and Holmes is BY FAR the best teacher. He teaches you the material, keeps your interest and is fair. (very unusual (in my opinion) of regular B.C. Professors)Highly recommended! :)
Holmes is a good teacher. His class is as difficult as any AVERAGE college level class. A lot of people say it's hard but it's not. Your grade will not however come out of the wash higher than you've worked like some other classes at BC that lob the grades in the lesser students favor.
He is best damm teacher I have ever had.If he was not so great at his job I,m sure he could have been a comedian.
Professor Holmes is the greatest. Never a dull moment in his class. He really knows his stuff. He gades hard, however he is fair. Overall, he is a blast. You have to take his class, or you will be missing out. He is the best instructor on the campus. This is not a class for wimps. Fasten your seat belts. The landing wil be great.
had him a few semesters ago and still remeber him. Loved the class and he graded fairly. He was willing to "pregrade" any papers before they were due so you could make corrections. Great guy!
I seriously thought about minoring in Poli Sci after taking his class!
coolest teacher i have ever had. he's always talkind about something funny or making fu. of somebody. he makes learning fun, i know its hard to believe but he does. good class, never go a day without laughing. highly recomend his class to anybody.
Funny as hell, tough course if you dont do to well on the papers.
Definatly a great teacher, Im glad I took him. If you ask, he'll help you out and even check your research paper for you.
Holmes is the coolest, the class was hard as heck but he explained everything really well. He expected a lot but did not just through things at you he gave you all the details, no tricks
really interesting and funny. U need to go to class and keep up, but if u try and get interested in the material u will get a good grade.
Hes really fun and makes Political science fun and hes makes it apply to u in ur daily life!
I took lots of classes from him. Straight forward. Clear, some may say easy.
Excellent teacher. Highly recommended. This class was so much fun. He was swatting at a dragon fly in class like a freekin crazy.
wicked sweet mullet
He explains things clearly and fully. He has fun and enjoys the subject and it makes class that much more enjoyable and condusive to learning. Plus, he's pretty funny in an over grown frat-boy sort of way.
first day of class: Mr. Holmes walks in with shorts, shirt, and sandals. i thought, "this has to be a cool guy!" i took his class in summer. very funny guy. although he does curse alot which sometimes makes me whince. but i like his teaching sty
I took him at CSUB. His tests are tough, but if you study you will do fine. He always throws in an extra credit question or two. He is HILARIOUS!! I would recommend him to anyone.
i've studied my butt off to get an A. very hard class, but very worth it. my favorite instructor at b.c. so far. very funny (but he knows it!). take this class!
I took Holmes at C.S.U.B. He was great. He always had a sense of humor when my friends and I would leave early to go watch American Idol. I recommened you tot ake any class he offers!!! Plus he is cute :)
Makes the class fun.
Very enjoyable class. Makes Pol Sci interesting and worth taking. He is very fair and will make you learn. I recommend him to anyone.
fun, hard class very worthwhile dont even know if i needed to take his class, oh well it was worth it
great instructur, actually have to do work for the class, makes class fun
This guy should be a comedian! Tou will have to work hard for your grade, but it is by far one of the most rewarding classes I have taken. Thanks Steve!!!
Nice, funny guy. Makes you work for your grade, but ultimately fair. I would definately take another class from him.
Love the mullet!! Populists forever!!! you think your funny? I'll see you after class funny guy haha
this class inspired me to become a polisci major.....
charming, funny, smart, great class and sweetheart of a teacher
take the real class not the tv class.makes a big difference 2 thumbs up,so funny
Great Teahcer and Funny Too which adds to the class to make it more interesting.
Best Prof. I ever had! Great person and teacher.
He is very reasonable, he is personable and has a sense of humor. (If it tells you anything he has been a teacher for maybe 30 years and to be around that long you have to do something right) He makes it interesting and makes you curious to learn more with his approach. He makes you feel like a valued guest in his class.
Best professor you can take at UNCC. Sadly there wont be many more classes you can take with him as he is retiring. Would strongly recommend him to anyone. His classes are like watching the history channel.
He mainly teaches everything through lectures with no slides to follow along with. The exams are all free-response format and so are the quizzes. If you miss a class, then you will fall behind. Be ready to read the bible as homework.
Dr. Tabor is honestly my favorite professor. He was always super nice and graded very easily. There were assignments that I turned in that I should not have gotten full credit for that I did. The final was an essay about his class and how we apply it our lives and I wrote complete crap for it and still got an A on it.
cares about his students
I love Dr. Tabor. He is my favorite professor. I 100% would take his class again. Its very easy as long as you read what he tells you to. The quizzes are based on the reading but they are not hard.
Dr. Tabor is one of the best professors I've ever had, he genuinely cares about both his students and the course as a whole. He is also one of the more interesting people I've met and he makes class interesting because his enthusiasm is contagious. Quizzes almost every week, as long as you review study notes before class you'll do fine. Two Tests.
Awesome professor, very laid back. There are some pop quizzes but he goes over them during lecture. He truely cares about his students. As long as you come to class, you will pass the class. His Exams are short answers and essay based but he goes over that as well. COME TO CLASS, hes a awesome professor plus his class are very interesting.
Dr. Tabor's class was really amazing. Hands down he is the best professor I've had. He really cares about his students and is very knowledgeable about the classes he teaches. Definitely take his classes if you can!
Super nice guy who cares about his students. The class is not hard as long as you show up and put in a tiny bit of effort. Tabor likes to see students do well so his tests are not too hard as long as you pay attention.
If you skip class you won't pass. Information that is on the test is discussed in class therefore if you skip it is likely you will fail the test. Pop quiz heavy, a total of 12 pop quizzes are given but all are very easy.
The best professor Ive ever had. He covers extremely interesting materials and makes you want to come to class every day. Hes also had a pretty interesting life that he will tell stories from every now and then but he doesnt brag about like other professors tend to do. My favorite moment in class was when we Skyped a famous friend of his.
By far my favorite class this semester. It was on death and the afterlife and it was so interesting. Tabor keeps class interesting and thought provoking and makes you want to attend.
I took Dr. Tabor's Intro to Theology class at Notre Dame. He was one of the best teachers I had there. I was disappointed to find out that he did not get tenure. His expertise is in the early Christian church and, hence, apocalyptic cults. He was consulted by the FBI during the Branch Davidian/Waco incident. I'm lucky to have had him as a teacher.
His classes are very interesting and fun. He is a great lecturer. Although he sometimes goes off on tangents, Dr. Tabor knows his material better than most in the field. I would definately take his class, but only if you're interested in the class he is teaching. Well worth the time!
Great teacher. Hard class. Tests are essay format and you HAVE to know the stuff. If you study alot, you will do well though.
Had him 3 summers ago, I'm an engineering major who dreaded liberal arts classes, and just one word describes his class, WOW! I loved it, he teaches sunday school (or used to) yet teaches like he is completely impartial to any religion. Wonderful man to speak to, loved the class, wish I could find something else to take with him!
Interesting Class. Seems Christian Origins is a passion of his, but he is not a Christian. His academic approach was a cool way to study the bible. Recommend him as a professor, but he won't be teaching much as dept. chair.
Absolutely fascinating lectures. Don't miss class. Essay tests. The kind of teacher you would expect to be at at a more prestigious school. Very nice person as well.
REMEMBER: this is history, not bible study. Do not bring your inborn religious preconceptions to class, b/c before the sememster is up, he will have proved them all wrong. he knows his stuff, and he is an amazing teacher.
very knowledgeable, interest in teaching and students I like him
Show up, read your book, he'll help you get an A.
She really cares about the students and tries to teach to the best of her ability. She is a hard grader and slacking is not acceptable. Work the full 3 hours and she will see it. Classes are small so its easy to go to her and ask questions in the middle of the lab. I recommend if you are really interested in learning about geology.
Really nice and helpful lady! If you have questions just ask and she will help you. quizzes can be tricky but as long as you really payed attention and understand the previous lab they aren't bad. She's does not create the labs, they are all the same from the geol lab manuals so you can't blame her for the bad instructions and questions.
Mrs. Blevins is a wonderful teacher. She explains everything clearly even if we have to put up with the useless manuel this school has subjected us to. She is very sweet and if your majoring in geology knows how to help you out ;).
Whoever wrote that comment about Mrs. Blevins not even majoring in Geology is an idot. She has and has told us that she has a BS in Earth Science. ie for those who are stupid: geology is considered an earth science. y'all are just mad because you failed. She is really nice, easy and a good instructor to have.
Explains labs clearly and tells you what she expects. quizes are easy. Pay attention and do the labs well and you'd do great! Other kids don't know what they're talking about. They spend their time in class talking crap about her instead of paying attention. THAT'S why they fail.
Mrs Blevins is very helpful..you always know what is expected of you..Makes class fun and interesting! I've learned more in this class than any other lab
Lab - very good. Doesnt make you do stupid stuff. Actually makes you do the work but that's what we're paying her for right? Makes fun of other classes... Tells it like it is. Great
Absolutely amazing professor. For a large university she makes sure to know you if you wish to be known. So understanding and overall, just a great human being. One of the best professors I have had.
She's very didactic. She really breaks down the material and is happy to explain things again, if someone doesn't understand it at first. I really wish I could take her again for all my math classes. There's a lot of homework but I found it quite easy to get through them. Just show up to class and do your part, and you should be fine!
She is a very good teacher. She explains each chapter well. Do the WebTests that are assigned because they are similar to the in-class tests. She prepares you for the final but there were one questions that I believe we never went through. Overall, she is a helpful professor!
Ms. Peedin is one of the best math teachers I've ever had. She makes the content seem easy, even though many times it isn't. Her webtests give unlimited attempts, the in class tests are the same thing! If you try your hardest, you will succeed in the class without a doubt. I put a lot of time in and got a great grade! She is very nice!
She is the nicest person ever. She is very willing to make sure you succeed in her class. However the online system that she uses makes it nearly impossible to get good grades on her webtests. Most people in the class get 60s on the webtests. But overall she is a great teacher.
She is the nicest and sweetest person in the whole world. She is also an amazing professor! She teaches you step by step. 3 tests, and she drops the lowest plus the final make up most of your grade, but go to class and you will do great. She gives study guides which are EXACTLY like the test (with different numbers) and you can have a flash card!
The nicest woman ever! Extremely helpful and clear when teaching. Class is really easy as long as you attend and some what pay attention. Homework is online and she moves assignments back if need be.
Mrs.Peedin-Funderburk is a phenomenal instructor!!!! I am not good at math at all and she made me feel as if I could be a math instructor. Explains everything in easy,step by step instructions. Do not purchase the book because everything we do comes from HAWKES Learning system. She is one of the best math teachers I have EVER had.
Ms. Funderburk was very thorough in her lessons, she was helpful and made available time for the ones who needed further help. Her lessons are easy to follow, very encouraging and shows respect and real interest in the student which makes , psychologically, a great difference for someone who doesn't have that ease in math. Thanks Ms. Funderburk!!
He is really easy and she is really nice also
She is a good teacher. Take this class if you want a good teacher who is gonna teach you slowly and the make sure you get the material. She is a good teacher and you dont need the book just come to class an copy her notes and study them. The homework is on MAth Excel , so that helps you alot. Take this class. Great class.
She is very nice and her class is easy. I liked her a lot and would take her again. If you don't like math and you are looking for an easy class, pick this one.
Best teacher ever! She is so sweet and extremely helpful. She cares so much about her students! I requested a review for one of the tests and she made one with detailed solutions. She lets you use a note card front/back on the tests. Super easy to get an A..take her!
Very simple class. As many have said, she does mess things up unintentionally quite frequently, as in she'll write down one thing but say another while doing that, and we'd have to call her on it. Not a big deal though. Unfortunately we didn't really go over much material, kind of a waste. Easy A if you're looking for one.
I have math phobia so took Contempory Mathmatical Thinking as alternative to Algebra. I found the Prof to be very laid back, yet covered the material in a straight forwrd way. She was great staying on a concept until understood by majority. I also saw her sitting many times outside her classroom helping a student after class. She's great "teacher"
Best teacher I've had at Charlotte. Very sweet lady and is quite a good teacher. I recommend her if you're needing a math class.
BEST MATH TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD!! If you do well on your tests then you do not have to take the final. She is extremely helpful and she goes really slow through the material and answers all questions.
she is kind of slow but I left out of the class having learned something aside from other professors who just rush through the text.
She is a good teacher. Very thorough. Its an easy class. Her tests are 20 multiple choice questions. Pretty easy. Does not check homework. Mathxl assignments online do count as grades, but their easy.
Great teacher. Will help you with anything as long as you do the homework and show up for class.
Very nice. Very helpful. Recommended.
Math is the devil!!! Only hard thing about the class would be the tests, the once every month hw is a joke and online
This is a great teacher. Explains material very well. Strict about attendence. Study graded homework and you'll be fine. Is laid back in class and goofy. Enjoyed the class and would try to get her again.
Funderburk is a great teahcer. Study the graded homework assignments for the tests. She is very nice and will do anything she can to help you. You lucky if you get her, she gets taken pretty quickly.
Very good teacher. She is willing to help when you need it. The graded homework assignments are helpful. The tests are very simalar to them. If you keep on top of the lessons, you'll do fine. Just don't fall behind. Its really hard to catch up without help.
She's a hottie, And a good teacher..
She is great for Pre-cal. She is easy to understand and teaches well. Tells you what is on the tests and gives graded homework every chapter. So good I am going to take her again for Calc. Just don't talk while she is talking. She adds 2pts to your final grade if you dont miss more than three days.
This lady is a joke. She teaches like an elementary school teacher. If you suck at math, by all means take her class. If you understand math, you will be sooo bored. I can't complain though.. I have an "A" in the class and I never go.
Professor Funderburk is a very thorough teacher. She really explains the lesson so you understand. I am not a Math person, and I am doing very well in her class. Wonderful professor to take. She has the friendliest personality and she is very helpful, so you can go to her with any questions and she
She is a very helpful teacher. If you ask her a question she is willing to help you understand it. AWESOME TEACHER!! Just take notes during class and review some for the test and you'll be fine because they are really easy. Only gives a couple homework assignments to turn in.
By far the best math instructer at UNCC. Make sure that you register for her. Makes material understandable, which make the class easy. Go to class, do the homework and you are sure to get an A!!
Wonderful teacher. Very cooperative and willing to spend extra time with you. she is very easy to follow regardless of your math ability. Highly recommended
She is very helpful in getting her students to understand concepts. She is also very sincere and enjoys teaching the class. Although it can take awhile to get your exams back. She also goes above and beyond with her office hours.
The best teacher at UNCC by far for math. She is always willing to help, tons of opportunities to pull your grade up. Wonderful Teacher!!!
I hope she reads this page cus she is the best BEST professor i have ever had, you just try a little, just a little and you got your A.... Very dumb if you even think of taking anyone else... she is easy but you also learn too!
She is very helpful and clear. Everyone who takes her class scores very high on department tests. Easy A only because she teaches you thoroughly.
If you can't get A from her class, start finding job at burger king cause you won't make it in college.........
Great Teacher. Highly recommended
The Best Math teacher I have found. I HATE math usually and loved her class. Explains very well and is very helpful. Quizzes are usually in groups or take-home and tests are exactly what she tells you to expect. TAKE HER!
She makes math easy. Quizes are open notes and can work with a partner. Homeworks are easy. She tells you exactly what type of problems are on the test. Easy A.
Awsome Prof. Easy quizzes and tests. Can work together on all quizzes, sometimes take home. She explains it great. Acts like a human, not a calculator. Fun, helpful. I hate math, but this is my fave. class...and easy.
calculus is my easiest class this semester because of her
TAKE HER FOR CALC
great teacher, very helpful, good personality
Outstanding. The best professor I have ever had!!
recommended highly
Just do the work and you'll pass with an easy A. There are weekly discussion boards that you have to answer based off of readings provided throughout the week. There are only 2 papers, but they have to be 7-8 pages long. Overall, it was a good class, and she is really sweet. She pushed back multiple due dates for me for personal reasons.
Eckard is 100% the best professor I ever had at UNCC. She is passionate about her classes and the books we read for class. She also cares for each student as an individual and sees you as more than just a body in the room. She values conversation and discussion especially when you can respectfully share an alternate point of view. TAKE HER CLASS!
Fantastic Teacher.
Dr. Eckard is great. She's clear on what she expects from her students, but don't assume her class will be an easy A. There's a lot of writing and reading-- but hey, what else can you expect from an English course? She's very, very kind and helpful. She knows her stuff, pay attention and you'll learn A LOT from her classes. Definitely recommend!
Writing intensive class. Be prepared to read several articles, watch movies, and write on multiple discussion boards. I do not really enjoy reading, but I loved the articles the professor chose, and I enjoyed every movie option she gave us. Her class is my new favorite! Would definitely take again! This professor exceeded my expectations!
Ms. Eckard was the best online professor I have ever had. If I had her in an actual class I had to go to I'm sure she would be one of my favorites. She is very passionate about the subject she teaches, and takes time to read your responsespapers and gives thorough feedback. I would definitely recommend taking this course for a W credit.
Dr. Eckard is a great teacher. Her passion is American Studies. I took her course over the second summer session. There is a lot of reading as this is an intensive writing requirement course. She grades fair. She does not give "100's" out very often. You have to earn them.
I took her during the summer for "Growing Up Southern"(online). You read a lot, and it's a intensive writing course, so you will write a lot. But it's a interesting class, you interact with your classmates, and it's a very easy! I liked it and enjoyed it, she was very clear and organize as well!! Take her!! :)
Class was App Culture, a W/O goal...very easy. 100% online course. She gives you feedback on every writing assignment, so you know exactly what is expected of her. Several books to read and video segments to watch. Writing assignments are fairly short. Great professor and advisor!!! Very encouraging!!!
I love her! She is one of the sweetest people i've ever met. She baked cookies for the class on several occasions just because. Who does that? You feel like you're home every time you walk into her class. Work is not difficult even though it was W,O intensive. You're usually just writing about what you think about the subject.
Dr. Eckard is one of the BEST professors I've had at UNCC, she has the best teaching methods and actually helped my writting skills. No tests, grades on essays and a journal throughout the semester. Allows revisions on the essays. Take her.
A great teacher. Very nice and extremely helpful. You learn a lot and there is no reason you shouldnt get an A in this class. If you pass on the chance to take her, you are really missing out.
Professor Eckard was great. She helped you out with papers if needed. She gave out sheets that told you what an "A" paper should be and what a "B" paper should be and so on. She graded on group presentation journal entries and two papers. Talked about herself and family, but related it to the course. If you have a chance to take her do so.
nicest lady ever!! no tests, grades are based on papers, attendance, and porfolio due at the end of the year. she is very interested in Diabetes, so don't expect to go through a class without at least hearing about it once. i worked very hard on my essays and never got higher than a b, but she allows for revisions. i really recommend taking her
Why is she teaching at UNCC? She has to be one of the greatest literature teachers ever. Always approachable,never pretentious. She has a sense of humor too.
Great teacher!! Very Helpful!! Makes class interesting, and actually cares about her students! The journal portfolio at the end is the only hard thing about her class, but would definitely not be if you would keep up with it throughtout the semester, which i didn't...But, otherwise this class is very helpful especially if you don't like Eng.
One of the very few GOOD professors in the Eng curriculum.She's not interested in politics and doesn't play games.No pets or favorites (as far as I could tell anyway).If you worked your butt off in her class, you learned a lot.She's teaching below her level,I think. She belongs in a better university.Always cheerful and professional.
Dr. Eckard is a very nice lady that would try to help anyone out in a time of need. Talks a lot about her family. Make sure you're up-to-date on current news because she asks about it every class period. Great professor.
Loved this class! It was a very easy course, but their was still a great deal of work. Most of it was fun though. Great topics and easy discussions.
Mrs. Eckard is probably one of the best teachers I've had at UNCC. She is very clear about all assignments, will help you in any way she can, and lets class out early a lot. She opens up the class for discussion many times. I highly reccommend her to anyone who can take her for English.
Very good teacher. She is very clear when it comes to assignments and works with her students. She makes the class very interesting and plus she lets you out early alot (Tues & Thurs.) I learned alot so I would definately take her. She lets you revise your papers too!!!!
Best Class Ever!!! I actually looked forward to going to class!!! She is without a doubt the best teacher I have ever had.
Go now! Register for this course and go to it. This is what you are looking for!!! Easy class. Wow... no words to explain the easyness....GO
Possibly THE BEST lit teacher I've had so far. She really loves literature. Highly Recommended.
How could anyone not love this woman? She is the friendliest and most approachable professor at UNCC. Everyone should take her at least once for an English or American Studies class.
She is helpful, but check your grammar!
I make good grades, but I didn't find her "easy" in the sense that you could turn in trash and get an A. No playing favorites in her class. Possibly the best lit teacher I've ever had.
EASY EASY EASY! Lets you revise the paper and you get you keep the new grade. Very helpful. Gets personal and cares about her students.
The best English Professor at uncc by FAR!
Probably the nicest professor working at UNCC. Goes out of her way to help students. Class is fun. I have her class at 8 am, which is too early for me, but I go everytime, it's the best English class ever.
Very helpful and gives a chance to revise the papers.
take this for your W goal, this is the best class and teacher...i HATE english but i LOVE this class! she is very nice and will help you and make it a relaxed enviroment...wonderful wonderful wonderful teacher!!!
excellent, definately recommend
Dr. Eckard is so nice and very helpful. Her class was a lot of fun; Dancing Outlaw rocked! I learned a lot and made 15 new friends!! GOT JESCO?
She is an awesome teacher. She will help you if you ask for assistance. She ought to be teaching graduate courses because she is a great teacher.
This teachers talent is wasted in an English dept. like UNCC. She is maybe one of three teachers who is worth your time
AWESOME TEACHER! She is so easy and helpful. Extremely nice. I didn't do much in there and came out with an A. Take her if you can!
WONDERFUL! Take this professor for Southern Folklore, because it was one of the best classes I have taken. She is beyond nice! Presentations in class, but they are fun (mine was on Marie Laveau, and there was even one with Cajun food). Recommended!!
An outstanding teacher. She should be teaching 6000 level Lit courses, not freshman English comp. Makes you wonder who makes decisions in the Eng. Dept, huh?
Wonderful teacher, but stick to essays, dont focus on other work
very good teacher, very reasonable grading, get her if u can
Highly recommended, pleasant and nice person, one of the best at UNC
Very easy class for international students
Great Professor. She is reasonable.
EXCELLENT Professor - The Best!!!
A wonderful teacher and a great person. Highly recommend this class for L goal
Easiest class I took since I got to college, very little work. Easiest A you will recieve.
If you have to take a geology, take it with him!! It's easy A class. Not really because of the content but more because he's very organized and explains everything you need to possibly know and gives examples. He rocks!
very boring, but watched movies and answered clicker questions. no exams just quizzes on moodle in which we went over the answers in class. attendance weighs a lot, so show up & answer the clicker questions (it was a night class so I would knock out the entire time) easy class
Great teacher. I took his class online, everything was extremely organized and he was very easy to get in touch with. We had one group project... although it was not complicated to facilitate...we never even had to meet in person...this class was great. I highly recommend his GEOL-1200 class and any other class Professor Bobyarchick teaches!
No text, no studying, online tests that come straight from notes (and you can use your notes). If you are taking this professor for liberal studies and you come everyday you will get an A. He treats his liberal studies classes much differently than his others, apparently. Definitely recommend this class.
Great teacher. i had him online and he is very clear on what he demands of you. 2 attmept quizs cant beat that. Also group project as well. He was a exellent proffeser and very smart as well.
AWESOME
Take his summer Presession class, Geology through film. He is really into what he is teaching and enjoys the material.
The best!
Really nice guy! Tests are open notes and online quizzes are pretty easy. He has an ok lecture style (can be boring at times)and has a quirky sense of humor.Definitly ake this class for an easy B or an A with a little bit of studing.BTW he's really hot!!
took online class over summer, too easy!!!
This prof is so cool cuz he is so chill and really smart (NOT) jk and the way he explains is kinda interesting
One of the best teachers I have ever met. The best human being I have ever met. Economics can never be more interesting it is my major and career and because of you it's my life. This guy, just knowing him, already makes you a better person, and you wouldn't know it. You've made me the Economist I am. Best Professor ever hands down.
he is a very nice guy. Everybody loves him at aui. We want him to come back. WE HOPE.PLEASE JAY COME BACK
very helpful...interesting
tell him please not to leave aui
Great teacher, makes the course very easy, go to class and do old exams and you'll have an easy A.
He's a great guy and will really help you out. You gotta study but you actually do learn. Lecture is a bit boring, but u gotta go to do well, he'll help you all the way though.
VERY HELPUL! WANTS THE STUDENT TO PASS! BEST INSTRUCTOR/PROFESSOR EVER!
good teacher. Talks like Kermet the frog.
Great guy. He really wants you to do well.
just go to class, you'll never have a teacher that cares like him
Awesome teacher, extremely helpful.Doesn't waste your time,take him for 151
Great teacher! he knows his stuff
A very good teacher and he will help you anyway he can.
Best professor I've ever had; hands down.
Great teacher, extremely helpful and the practice tests are great
I love Jay Squal!! Best teacher EVER.
Nice Course! Helpful Guy!
Good Course! Interesting Concepts!
Really nice guy. helps out a lot. sincerely wants you to do well.
very helpful/nice. Go to lectures and take good notes, review notes = easy A
Works with the students!
puts much effort into teaching class, and is willing and able to help you
He does a lot of work for his students, and really wants them to understand.
This was probably the easiest math class I've taken, the only things that go into the final grade are 2 tests (there were 3 tests, lowest was dropped) and the final. Doesn't check homework or attendance, class was always over at least like a half hour early. Because of this, though, it is easy to slack off and not understand the content
This was one of the best professors I have had in college. He has a slight accent but trust me youll get used to it. Lectures are usually pretty short and he gives reviews for every test including the final. Theres three midterms and a final but he drops your lowest midterm. Overall great teacher and he makes calc 3 a breeze.
This guy is awesome! I finished his class with a 98. His class consists of 4 tests. Three during the semester and one Cumulative final. He gives you the exact outline of the test the class before. I only attended test days and the review days. If you need to take Calc 2 I wouldn't take him. Easy A, but wont learn much.
This professor has a very thick russian accent but is overall one of the best math professors i've had yet... will give extra credit and review sessions are exactly like the exam.. and will also let students with an "A" average be exempt from the final
He's a great teacher and will do anything to help his students who put some effort into it.
Very helpful, knows his stuff. After get used to accent, class becomes clear. Good sense of humor, eager to help.
He is awesome. Gotta go to class and cant be late. But worth the effort
AMAZINGGGG! LOVE Professor Tyrel!!
Had Professor Moore as my academic guide back in the early 1980s. Wonderful mentor, and always took an interest in your studies. Glad to see he is still kicking.
Moore is absolutely amazing. Not only as a teacher but also on a personal level. In an insane semester, he was helpful for classes and my personal life; almost like a free counselor. So thankful for him. Would take a ton more of his classes, if they fit my major!!
He was a really good teacher and made class fun! You don't have to go to class, but you really need to if you want to do well in this class.
Great professor and person. I have learned a lot from his courses. Gives a lot of material, but exams are broad as well. Go to class, read the freakin handouts, pay attention and ask questions, oh yeah and study. If you fail, you dont belong in college.
Great professor, very nice guy, has a million interesting little stories, will help you in anyway! Tests are a bit hard if you don't study very well, quizzes can be tough; I still got an A. Participation will help you tremendously. Take him!
Very funny teacher. Made class enjoyable.
Awesome professor. Funny, gives great notes. Tests are hard if you don't study. YOU HAVE TO TAKE NOTES AND ATTEND CLASS. Extremely hard to pass if you don't. Would definitely take him again!
I had him for global connections and I thought he was awesome. he has a great sense of humor that makes the time go by in class. He pretty much tells you exactly what is going to be on the tests/quizzes, so its easy to prepare for them.
Professor Moore was and amazing teacher! As long as you go to class and study you will be fine! He was really funny and tired to include real life stuff into his lectures. But you HAVE to go to class and you have to read the text. If your willing to do that you should have no problem making an A or B!
Really interesting class. Can get off topic, but he makes the class enjoyable. The tests can be hard if you don't come to class, but if you do they are easy. Gives extra credit. I thought the class was easy, but you do have to pay attention in class. Do that and study your maps for the quizzes and you'll get an A.
Dr. Moore was a great prof. He was very funny in class but still got his point across. Tests were easy if you studied. He was always available for help. He's a cool guy!
Dr. Moore is the coolest, nicest professor you will ever meet! However, his lectures can be somewhat hard to follow and tests are short answer/essay format. But he is very willing to help students in any way he can.
Best Geography Professor ever! he's very willing to help if you have any kind of question. tests include definitions and essays, not easy. if u r a geography person, u'll like this class and definitly like him!
This guy is a great professor. He is always cracking jokes and making his classes fun. The only hard thing about this class are the place-name quizzes and exams, but he gives you all the materiel you just have to study it.
Easier than elementary school, place quizzes are so easy and tests are basicall what he goes over in class, with a little bit of book material. Coolest dude on the planet
just study and youll be fine for map quizes
The easiest class I've taken in UNCC!!! He's very helpful and clear. You have to go to class and pay attention. It's possible to get a B without opening the book but for an A you'll have to study a little. The quizes were really easy as long as you put in the time studying the maps. Very fair and curves when necessary. I highly recommend him!
the BEST teacher i've ever had! he really cares about every individual, and is willing to help you!! he makes class very interesting and he makes it a point to know everyone in the class.
He is an amazing teacher.He tries to get to know you as a person not just as a student. He cares how your are doing in his class, but you also have to care how you are doing or you can forget it.And whatever you do don't let your phone ring during class.
Awesome teacher! Very funny! Makes learning fun, not an easy A though you gotta go to class and actually go over the notes! Very fair, and cares how class does in general along with individuals!! Dont talk while he's talking or while anyone else is!
He is a great teacher but is not going to spoon feed you an A.
Great teacher!
Good teacher! Friendly. Interactive. Great with students! Hard to tell what exactly he wants you to know and what he doesn't for tests. Can get slightly boring, but he does his best to make it as interesting as possible. Good man! I would take him again.
He is a really good professor! The information is sometimes boring but he makes it intresting! Lots He gives you a lot of chances for extra credit and he is pretty entertaining! I must add if he wasn't old enough to be my dad I would totatlly into him :o)
Recent winner of the 2003 Bank of America Teaching Award for best teacher at UNCC and well deserved. Unless you have ever fallen asleep during intercourse, you will probably have enough sense of humor to find yourself laughing sometime during class.
Awesome teacher!! You have to be insane not to like this man...take him for every class you can!
One of the best teachers on campus. You have to have to really have a sorry personality not to like him.
great teacher. Very funny! Class was always interesting. If you get a chance take this guy, he is one of the best
great teacher. Very funny! Class was always interesting. If you get a chance take this guy, he is one of the best
Very EAsy, FUNNY AS HELL, not boring at all, if you take his class, YOU WILL LOOK FORWARD to it and He is the BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!! ever!!! Taught me and made me what i am today! THANKS Dr moore
VERY FUNNY MAN! Pay attention, you will miss a joke. Hard class, but worth it!
one of uncc's best. hes fun, yet challenging. hes an experience.highly reccomend
really enjoyed his class
LOVE this man! Smart, fun, traveled, supportive, plus tres hot!
He is very outgoing and brings fun to class everyday. HE IS NOT BORING!
Easy B. Manageable A. Makes boring subject tolerable. Good guy.
He is a very nice guy. If you always go to class, you can get a good grade..
Dr. Moore loves South Park....he's cool.
i swear the ONLY way to pass the class is to go to all the lectures and pay attention to every detail. however, if ur lazy like me: RECORD THE LECTURES ON UR PHONE (may have to sit at the front for good quality) but i read the books on my own time and just had the lectures on my phone to learn whenever i ACTUALLY finished the book. got an A tho
Professor Shealy is fantastic. Yes, he has high standards, but if you read the texts, pay attention in class (and show up), and are prepared to talk, you'll really enjoy him. He's a funny, personable lecturer who knows a stunning amount about 19th century literature and brings a very fresh and unique perspective to the stories he chooses.
The materials for this class picked are really interesting. I also enjoyed how thoroughly he lectures each week because if you watch them you're basically guaranteed to pass the tests.
Took his class Fall 2019. Skip class? You won't pass... because EVERYTHING covered in the tests he will say in class. People who failed were the ones who didn't show up and/or read the novels. This class was literally 3 exams with the first two at 30% and the other 40% (not cumulative I think?). No essays at ALLsuper refreshing as an ENGL major!!!
I took this class online, but it was still really interesting! Professor Shealy gives great lecture videos and speaks with such great enthusiasm it's very easy to follow along. The format of the class is well laid out, and if you read the stories, watch the films, and do the quizzes and tests, you should have no trouble getting a good grade.
Mr. Shealy is a good professor. Not only does he give really detailed lectures that are easily to follow, but he also seems really passionate about the stories that we read. You must read every story in order to pass the quizzes and tests that he gives, but they're very straight forward and easy to do. As long as you do the work, you'll pass.
Awesome professor!! Interesting readings and lectures.
Professor Shealy gives amazing lectures and its clear that hes passionate about it. TRIGGER WARNING!!! A lot of the books youll read may have disturbing and triggering content, horror literature likes to push the boundaries of consent, I wish I had known that beforehand.
I found this class easy and entertaining. Attendance is not mandatory, but he says a lot in lectures that are on the tests. 3 tests, 1 exam, 2 essays for extra credit. You read quite a few books.
Great professor! Would definitely take again. My section was a horror-based LBST and I enjoyed each and every book assigned. The lectures were great. Only graded on three tests and a final with two optional extra credit essays. You must go to class, he askes questions on things he mentions in class and you must read or else you will not pass.
Dr. Shealy's Horror Literature class gave me the opportunity to read quite a few works I had always wanted to read, but had never found the time to do so. It was also extremely easy; three multiple-choice tests, the worst of which he drops the grade, and a final exam. I ended up with a 100 in the course, but lectures were interesting. Recommended.
Pretty Awesome. Just be sure to go to class.
Take this class if it's not a chore for you to read. Shealy is definantly an interesting character and you'll have a lot of fun in the class if you enjoy leisure reading.
Dr. Shealy is great: nice, funny, & eccentric. You have to go to class & pay attention if you want an A, but he makes his lectures interesting with impressions & stories. Definitely worth while, take him if you can!
Excellent professor, loved coming to class everyday. Tests and quizes are easy, as long as you read carefully/very detailed. Intriguing discussions. One of the best professors/classes I've taken at UNCC, and that's saying a lot. Plus he's kinda cute. Highly recommend him, if you enjoy reading.
One of the best classses I've ever taken and one of the best professors I've ever had. He is funny and makes everything very intersesting and fun. Very easy as long as you read the stories. I look to take more classes taught by him.
read carefully- quizes are tricky!!! Dr. Shealy is great!
One of the most interesting classes I have ever taken. He is a great professor. There is a lot of reading, but if you like to read this course is perfect.
Dr Shealy was my favorite professor at UNCC. He expects nothing but the best from his students, and I tried harder for his class than I did for any other. He's also entertaining and pleasantly eccentric, but underneath that there is a wise, kind man. I wish I could take him for another class, but unfortunately I'm graduating.
Dr. Shealy taught me how to write a paper the correct way. He is funny and interesting and encouraged me to do my best. Be on time and be prepared...he likes to give reading quizzes. Will inspire a love of Hawthorne and Poe in you so be prepared to really love his classes and stories. One of best teachers ever.
When it comes to 19th century Amer. Lit. - you cannot get a better professor than D.L. Shealy! He's not bad with American Gothic either. Needs to teach a class in vampires in lit. and film!
Not a class to take to get an A- it's one of those "take it because the teacher freakin' rules" classes. Great course! If you're an English major and don't take Dr. Shealy, you're missing out on what the major is about.
Take his class just to hear his stories about his own life.. If you only like Stephen King and don't want to wade through a 19th century novel, don't take Am Hor Fic. I think Shealy's great. Get ready to talk about vampires.
One of the greatest professors that I have taken in the English Dept. He is interested in the things that he teaches and wants you to learn. He gives a lot of pop quizes, so READ when he tells you to! Eccentric, but thats what makes him good.
Great teacher. He makes you work for your grade. He makes class fun!
I loved this man! He mad classes fun and interesting! If I could take American Horror Fiction again, I WOULD! Great guy and nice person!
Awesome teacher! He is very crazy. Loves to interact with students during lecture. He makes an hour and twenty minutes fly by. He also gives you plenty of time to complete each book and goes over them thouroughly in class.
The hardest and best, the most fun, the most interesting, he's simply amazing, and so knowledgeable. Worked my ass off in there, and it was sooo worth it.
crazy as hell, he's got some nice stories.
A simply fascinating professor...
Hard, hard class. Tough grader. Lots of fun, though. interesting lectures
Very good teacher, you will have to work for an A though
A lot of readings, hard tests, but fun class. Best teacher I've ever had.
Funny, interesting lectures and readings. Lots of work, though. Hard tests
Intro to Metr is an interesting class! Dr. Martin made it all the better. Granted, I love this stuff anyway but having him was amazing. Take notes, if you don't expect a C on the tests. Read the chapters he tells you. Make sure to review before tests!!! If you fail this class you are either brain dead or asleep. I love ya Dr. Martin!
He is awesome. If you find his material boring its because you are going in there with a bad attitude. But if you listen to what he says, he is very clear and interesting. You will learn so much in that class and use it every day. Doesnt take attendance, but must attend every class to get an A.
I don't know what he does during earth science, but in meteorology he did an amazing job and although he did have some boring moments, especially when he overdid his lectures on air quality. But his class was overall interesting and he did make it easy for you to get an A. Just study a very small bit, and you'll do fine.
Great Guy. Knows his stuff and gives more than enough extra credit to make an A. Go to class and you'll be set.
They don't get any better than Dr. Martin. He's funny, considerate, helpful and enthusiastic about teaching. The tests can be hard but I very much enjoyed being in his class. Excellent professor.
class is easy and fun, but tests are hard because he is a genius and doesnt know how to make easy tests. great teacher and nice guy
This man is the BEST. He loves his job and is a great prof. He knows his stuff and gives tons of extra credit. Tests are curved and can be tough. Notes online, print and supplement in class, you'll be fine! Highly recommend him and I'm taking him again.
Great guy! Easy A if you go to class and study your notes. He is the only professor at UNCC that knows his stuff.
awesome class
Great professor! He will make you laugh! Great class and easy. He really knows his stuff (he wrote the book). Tests aren't hard, tons of extra credit. Talk to him outside of class, it will help! I would highly recommend this class!
I would say that I realized something this semester. I realized that this class is hard but that Dr. Martin is a great person and a teacher too. The best I have ever met in this University. I think he knows who I am and I wish him the best. He is the BEST
the absolute best teacher this school has, if you go to class and take good notes, his class will be a breeze. i had no interest in this stuff before class, but you really learn alot. it is not my major but it is just a great class overall. GO TO CLASS
Good Teacher. Knows his stuff! Willing to help if you are willing to learn!
just go to class. extremely nice and interesting. easy A.
Every class is great! Very Fair if you do work. A perfect 10.
You gotta go to the class to get extra credits.
Great Teacher
Dr. Martin is the best professor I've had at UNCC. I've taken all his classes.
Made what could have been a boring class really cool.
Wonderful teacher. Go to class (and stay awake) if you want an "A."
Zzzzzz
I loved Grillo. I am not an art major but found his class extremely interesting. You have to do a lot of reading outside of class- I did not but paid attention in class and did fine. I personally liked his lectures and you can tell he loves this subject and wants the best for his students! Assignments were two exams and a final paper.
There is a lot of reading in the class but he is so unbelievably understanding and cares a lot for his students.
Professor Grillo really cares about what he teaches. He is very passionate about the arts and he strives to make other students feel the same. 100% would take his class again! A very approachable, smart, and dedicated man.
He is very smart and loves what he does. He was a really great honors preceptor that is very understanding. He promotes free thought and personal interpretations of the text and doesn't force his own.
Grillo knows his history and his art. Just a decent course with allot of take away info.
Professor Grillo is the best professor at UMaine and an amazing teacher. He is my advisor and I have had him for several courses in Art History; he honestly couldn't be more knowledgable, enthusiastic, understanding, helpful, or genuinely concerned for his students success. He's also just a really laid back person and he has a great sense of humor
Helpful when material became confusing. Expectations were clearly stated and the overall class was interesting, lighthearted and even entertaining. The course was reading intensive and required a few nights set aside for research and study but considering the knowledge I walked away with, worth it.
Wonderful! Extremely concerned for the quality of students learning and it shows. His classes are not easy, but they're reasonable if you take notes in lecture and study before exams. I've learned a lot from all the classes I've taken with him. Best professor on this campus.
For anyone who wants to dabble in an art history class, take a Grillo. Even if pre Baroque art periods are not your thing, you will be glad you took a class with him. He is fun, engaging,and I doubt many other professors on campus are as committed to their student's success. Teachers like Michael increase the quality of UMaine 10-fold.
Awesome Guy!
he was great! many classes, thought every class was worth it. learn a vast knowledge of information besides art history. he is quality.
a good man
Interesting teacher, alot of reading, but all worth it. If you like art history he is the man that you want to teach you. Quality.
Great professor. Very passionate about the subject, approachable, helpful, and honestly cares about students.
anyone who can relate the arts and tomato sauce together is a friend of mine.....
Funny and intelligent.
Very engaging, entertaining, intelligent.
Awesome teacher! You won't sleep in this class!
Michael is extremely friendly, motivating and intelligence!
He knows what he is talking about, I just don't like art (stupid gen eds)
Beyond good... very, very good, compassionate. Rarely would I say this but I felt that it was an honor to just simply listen to the way he'd describe ideas.
Owen is the best professor I have had in a long time! His knowledge of various fields is somewhat overwhelming, but he brings many new ideas and concepts to the table. He can carry on a conversation about quantum physics, while relating it back to modernism and postmodernism. Amazing professor!!!
I agree with everybody else...he rocks!Great concept of creating art in an art history class. When you have had enough of Grillo, Owen is there to give you a kick. ARH staff is great.
Brilliant! Fun! If you thought Art History was boring, take a class with Owen! Some of my best memories of college were in his classes, and that says a lot. Great advisor and great person, and always, great FLUXUS historian!
Cool, fun, makes you think and is one great Flux dude
wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!!!!Every class with O is a pleasure! I too think he is hot!
Why there is no chili pepper by ownes name, i'll never know, cause this man is so hot it hurts...really. am i crying because of the wonderfullness of his teaching, or because he is married...i will never know.
best teacher here... bar none
Truly passionate instructor. He won Presidential Teaching Award '00.&Earned it!
A delightful personality, knowledgeable artist, informed prof.
If he was single and not a teacher! :)
owen rocks
How can you not like Owen.
Good professor who was straightforward.
Carol gets a bad wrap for being a poor professor when this is not the case. Carol teaches tough classes and does her best to make up for that. She is one of the most clear lecturers I have ever had. She prints of notes and practice sheets for EVERY class. All you need to do pay attention and apply yourself. Amazing professor.
Carol Robert's class is my favorite this semester. Every Friday a java program is due, and every lecture she hands out a new note packet of information. Most of the information you need is in the notes so I haven't opened the book once yet.
Very tough professor but teaches very well. Grades strictly but very fairly. Essentially, if you really put the effort in, you will do well, and if you don't, you won't.
I took this class online and Prof. Roberts was extremely helpful and fair. She was quick to respond to questions and very professional. I would recommend this class to anyone looking to better their skills in Excel.
very nice teacher. All notes are printed and handed out so while in class you can pay attention to what she is teaching instead of taking notes.
She hands out notes in lecture so you dont even have to take any!! Follows them, doesn't go off topic, doesnt cover too much at once or go too fast. Homework straight from the notes, lots of time to complete it, Labs very easy and good for studying.. what more could you want!!
EASY A! Took this class online and finished it in 6 weeks. Very helpful if you have questions, quick to respond. If you're looking for an easy credit...here it is.
I didn't attend lectures after Spring break, and still got an A. Could have moved a bit faster through the materials. But as a prof., I thought she was incredibly helpful and her notes were very precise and organized. Good show.
She is so clear sometimes that people feel it's an insult to their intelligence. I found her extremely helpful and effective.
long HW, but if you do it, you will ace test. Very clear straightforward lecture
Gives excellent study guides/practice tests
I daydream of dequeueing her stack...
Very easy teacher, if you do all the work
Easy, easy classes, and she explains them well.
An excellent teacher and a hot one too.
Awesome teacher
Very great teacher and class!!
very organized
One sexy mama!! It's hard to concentrate on anything but her during class
Dr. Borgman is not only a great professor, but also an amazing mentor who is always looking out for his students and is always there to help. We are lucky to have him at the business school!!
I took this class as a May Term and actually enjoyed it. The may-term version is VERY fast paced, but Borgman made the material easy to understand and was always willing to help. He is a great professor and a really nice man and also provided our class with a few extra credit opportunities so students could boost their grade.
Very smart guy. Very helpful and makes sure that you understand the material. Assignments are tough but very relevant to what finance majors will be doing after graduation. Great professor
Awesome class, he teaches it great, tests are hard though
Coolest guy on campus, not too mention one of the smartest
Great professor. Very concerned with his student's progress.
Assigns very interesting readings and makes finance intriguing
Always interesting, always engaging. Get on the Borgman Bandwagon today!
Full of off topic but valuable information. Great professor
Very entertaining guy. Grades completely fairly. Tests are easy enough to do well on, but you MUST attend lecture. All exam questions are based on the lecture notes, and he asks questions about specific examples used in class. If you attend lecture, you don't need to buy the book.
He's pretty good. He's an entertaining professor, and knows his stuff. Go to class, and PAY ATTENTION in lecture. His tests cover everything he talks about. They are fair exams, and aren't hard if you've been to class.
This man is amazing! Both his lectures and class notes bring a daily laugh, but still are more informative than any other economics course work I've had so far. If you like to see popular notions challenged, even if you disgree with the analysis, Prof. Montgomery is easily worth taking. His grades are very fair and it is quite possible to do well.
Made Macro easy and understandable. If ou go to class and study mostly your notes before the test you are fine. Tests were very straight forward and exactly what he said that they would be. No tricks. Great class, great teacher!
The best class I've ever taken in college. He made the class interesting, fun, and a real learning experience. They way he relates the material makes it easy to learn. Not one lecture was worth skipping!
Loved his Money and Banking class! He looks like John Tesh. Quirky and fun.
I thought he was easy. He scales like a mo fo on his tests. He's funny, and never in a dull mood.
But BURGERS are funny!!!...every class was a hoot...loved it all..
Laurie is the coolest woman you will ever meet. If you have any interest in being an art teacher, she will be the biggest inspiration. In the art world, she is a rock star. Deeply cares about her students, extremely fair grader, has so much experience teaching it's almost intimidating.
Laurie's classes were extremely challenging, and involved a lot of work. This is not a class in which to slack off or skip. However, she is very helpful and the assigned work is not busywork, but is useful in building a portfolio. She is very involved in the art ed. field and is one of the smartest, most brilliant professors I have had.
Not a femi nazi, simply socialy aware. excelent professor. very helpful
Great friend and very helpful!
This class was very straightforward and expectations were clear. He only takes points off on essays and grading was very fair. He was kind and understanding and was quick to grade assignments.
Hes really good about grading papers and getting them back to you ASAP. He makes class fun by cracking some jokes and asking funny questions to the class to lighten them up. His assignments are easy, just follow the directions which are always straight forward, and youll have no issues. Lots of notes on essay structure that is used in his essays.
Easy A in this class
I am not one to post reviews, but I cannot let the reviews posted leave those who look up Professor Addi with the wrong idea of him. Throughout my time at Schoolcraft, I have spent plenty of time with professors who weren't engaging, and Addi is far from that. He's brilliant, and quite the conversationalist. A great mind, and an even better friend.
I took Prof Addi for Eng 101 and 102 online. Very fair and clear grader with a manageable amount of homework. Feedback was short and too the point but willing to expand if you email him. He chose really enjoyable topics to write on. Would take again.
I really liked this professor, He is a very nice person & You learn a lot because you don't really feel like those essays are an obligation but rather they're an opportunity for you to learn how to really do them, he is also a patient professor and makes you laugh a lot!!!!!!! Just make sure you do the work right and you will pass it with an A
I really enjoyed Professor Addi's teaching style and he always did a great job of explaining our assignments.
Best
People! Were you even there? He`s awesome, funny, and definitely not a hard grader.
He's an excellent instructor. He DOES go off into seemingly unrelated directions, but is always able to pull it all back to a relevant point. The older students seem to GET him more than the younger ones. There are 4 progressively demanding papers all term, and accepts revisions. I enjoyed his class, took him at face value and came out with a 4.0.
easiest class you can take. Show up and turn in 4 papers all semester thats it. takes attendence. No need to buy the book, we use it in class but dont really need it for assignments
He's an amazing professor. Makes the class interesting and really helps you understand the material and what is needed to pass.
Excellent professor. He is extremely knowledgable, and continuously adds humor to a required class that could be boaring. I would definately select him as a professor again.
i took this course OE/OE over the summer and recieved an A. it was by far the easiest class i have ever taken. i dont attend schoolcraft but i was taking this as a summer class and was very pleased with the course material and him as a professor. he was very easy and leniant. i reccommend him.
He was very clear and precise. Semi-hard grader, but it is an english class. Cool professor and very down to earth.
I seem to disagree with most. Prof. Addi's online class was great. He always posted very precise instructions on what he was looking for and even posted examples as guides. Only had to email a couple times for questions and he always responded quickly. I recommend this class.
Awesome teacher and he is alway willing to help. I would recommend Addi to anyone.
he is helpful and very smart
online
He is a hottie!
indepth
Great professor, one of the best I've had so far in this school. I truly enjoyed having her, I learned a lot from her in the class. She is great!!
I think that she is a great teacher. I had her for 2 semesters and believe me if you come to class and do your papers, you will be fine..While the class is boring and annoying at times, overall you do learn a lot from her which is the most important part of education!
This is my fifth class with Dr. F and I wish I could take more. She is excellent! Discussion topics and readings are always interesting and pertinent. You have to work, but, personally, I'm in college to learn.
I thought she was GREAT. I have taken her twice and although she makes you work for your grade (which is not a bad thing) you learn ALOT! her classes are open forums and alot of fun. She is by far my favorite professor at UNCC!!!
amazing professor ... tons of reading and work outside class but an amazing professor my very favorite professor at charlotte
not entirely sure why she's getting such a bad rap on here, as a nonhistory student i found her class really enaging, lot of work, but not at all boring like it could have been. i had fun, even. and i am no history student. :)
Good teacher. Just do the reading and take good notes. It's all about writing an essay though. If you are a good history essay writer take her. Otherwise you would encounter many difficulties.
I have taken this professor twice & have done well in her classes. I got an A in Eur womens history. She's a good prof, but you have to speak in discussions to do well - 20% Atten. & part. She expects you to put as much effort into the class as she does.
Young, lively teacher. Make sure you are awake for this class! Breaks class into groups for discussion of readings. Makes the material more interesting. Assigned papers are only 4-6 pgs in length. Grading is not harsh. I disagree w/ other ratings- s
This is one of my fave professors! She is tough, but she is awesome, and passionate about what she teaches. She is sometimes a bit harsh, but when she praises you, you feel great.
I took Dr. Amato's micro class in the mid-2000s. I was inspired by his teaching and took all of his classes. He deeply cared about the course material and his students. Dr. Amato is the reason I later pursued a graduate degree and career in economics. One of the most interesting, inspiring, and caring professors from my college experience.
Microeconomics was super easy! He is a super nice professor too, very kind and caring of all. I took his class on zoom, and the first 15 minutes of class was a PollEverywhere, which was graded. But, you still got half credit for doing the question even if you got it wrong and they barely affect your grade. Take his class if you have the chance!
Professor Amato is a caring professor who always looks for the best in his students. Every day you take a Poll Ev for attendance and that's counted toward your overall grade. His grade totals are disabled so you have to calculate it yourself which can be tough. If you interact during lectures and stay on top of homework, it's a great class.
Professor Amato is great! One of the best professors for any class I have taken in college so far. Always do the homework and test prep and you will do great!
Truly a good professor. He is lecture heavy but he makes jokes and likes to interact. The material is pretty easy to understand if you read and listen. Exams were completely online and taken at home. The class was pretty easy but also very interesting. He is a really good professor who cares and is very knowledgeable.
Great lectures, easy homework, and fair tests.
One of the best professors in the MBA program. I learned a lot. Tests were hard but fair.
I had Professor Amato for Game Theory and he was honestly the best professor I've ever had. He is caring about his students and passionate about many topics. The class was somewhat hard but if you attend class you will do fine, the reading always helps, too. Tests are based off homework. Made the final optional for this semester. 10/10
Amato is a great professor! He gives real world examples and is always willing to help. Class is heavily math based but tests are similar to homework problems. He also allows a cheat sheet on exams which is helpful for the formulas.
Great professor. Willing to explain topics in detail in class. He does repeat some examples, but it helps concepts stick for exams and connecting topics.
Dr Ted Amato is a great professor, his classes very interactive and examples are real world. First Test usually sets high expectation for the students and successive tests continue to hold the expectation but will be provided lot opportunity to improve.
Dr. Amato is an engaging and extremely knowledgeable professor. I am glad to have had him for my micro-economics course!
Dr. Amato is a great professor. He isn't easy, but he knows his stuff and has a great sense of humor. As long as you show up to class and pay attention, he'll be a big help.
One of the best professors in the MBA and my favorite class.
Took this class during the summer, I got an A but barely. Daily readings since its a summer class which is pretty much required since they're clicker questions every day. Do the readings and the homework because everyone did terrible on test 3 and it helped me stay in the A range. Don't be lazy! Good luck!!!
Dr. Amato is one of the better teachers Ive had. I really learned a lot and I definetly recommend. If you miss 1 or less days you don't have to take final. Tests are 50q MC and come straight from the Homework. I will most likely get an A. Read the book, it helps. Coming to class is essential ! Take this professor if you want to learn get an A!
If you don't pass this class with an "A" or at least a "B", something is wrong with you. Exams came straight from lectures/examples in class. Exam 1 might be a little tough but 2 & 3 are super easy. He's also funny :)
The teacher is easy to understand and relates most of the material to real life examples. The tests are almost exact copies of the Connect homework asignments so make sure you memorize those questions. Lastly, you have the option to not take the final if you miss two or less class periods. The class is easy overall and should expect a B with ease.
Dr. Amato has been one of the most interesting professors I have ever had. He clearly states his expectations at the beginning of the course, and they do not change. Take his classes!
I really liked Ted a lot. His classes are interesting and have real world usefullness. Tests are moderately difficult, but let us use a not sheet. Highly recommend.
This class is no joke by any professor,the good news is Amato is the best prof I've ever had. Your going to work in this class HARD but you'll learn a lot. After talking with other econ majors if you have to take this class take it with Amato in the summer, study hard, go to class, buy the book, and work at it. Trust me he's good and much better
He is a wonderful professor and makes his lectures interesting. If you show up to every class and do the study guide you will make an A. I didn't even read the book except to look up study guide answers. I highly recommend him. I took him for a Summer semester and studied for less than an hour per day and made an 'A'
This class is great! He really knows what he's talking about, and he makes it interesting. I actually understood the material. He sets the ground rules on the first day, stick by them and you?re guaranteed an A. Don't and well you suffer the consequences.
Dr. Amato is a great professor who is clear, interesting, and helpful. He tells you from the beginning to use the study guide, and believe me it really does help. If you go to class, take notes, read the chapters, and do the study guide you should be fine (it sounds like a lot but it's really not). I've made A's on all the tests so far.
Really knows his stuff, and likes his job. Very helpful and easy to understand. He wants everyone to do well if they can. I wish all my profs were like him.
This is one of my favorite teachers. He truly loves what he does. He incoporates stories and examples all the time! Not a cake-walk class though....then again your in college! I highly recommend him!
Very knowledgeable!
Go to class. Pay attention and take notes all the time. Read the book and do the study guide problems. not too hard to make an A or B, just work the entire time through the class and don't be lazy.
He is an awesome teacher. He is tough, but you learn alot....there are alot of professors out there that need to take a lesson from him. The best MBA class I have had yet and I hate ecoon
Awesome....enough said!
This professor really knows his stuff. You get out of it what you put into it. Really a great guy and you will learn a lot
I did really poorly in undergrad econ, but came really close to pulling an A in this class. You have to work for your grades - the exams are tough. However, he can explain things in terms anyone can understand. Great guy!
What a guy!
I didn't really appreciate his class until I took Econ 3125. I was much better prepared than most others. Recommend if you want to learn
Excellent teacher and real professional guy. Works hard to make sure students get it. Expects work, and that turns some losers off.
Great Professor, Hard class. Makes you study, doesn't tell you what is on the test. If you want to learn microeconomics take him, if you are scared of work you will be in trouble in this class. Best Econ professor I have had so far.
Best teacher ive had in a long time, never had a teacher as funny or nice or as great at teaching. Take him for anything and everything u can. best teacher in the business school.
great teacher, very clear
awesome!
Excellent teacher, and willing to help. Likes the South Carolina Game****.
best teacher I've had
Very good instructor. Can do well in the class if you work for it.
Excellent. Good integration b/w real life and coursework.Keeps your attention
Very Good Class, Hard to get good grade, but learn alot
If you go to class she will literally tell you questions that will be on the exam and what the answers are. If you go to class you'll pass. And if you're having a hard time during the test, if you go up and ask a question she'll basically give you the answer.
Great professor lectures worthwhile
Linda is an extremely wonderful, kind woman. She is very intelligent and her advanced education clearly shows. A great professor. I would recommend taking as many classes as you can with her.
Excellent professor who truly cares about her students. I would recommend all psych majors take this class with her. She makes even the most mundane topics interesting.
This is one of the best classes I have ever taken. To be honest, it is a pretty easy class, but that reflects Linda's personality. She's extremely kind, and genuinely wants all of her students to succeed. I did have to study a little for the tests. This class teaches you so many things that can help you out in your personal life. It is a must-take.
Great class, learned a lot and it was fun to attend.
mama linda is the best! she makes it interesting and easy while still teaching all of the material.
Take this class!! Love her!! You do have to study a little but its not bad!! Definitely take this course with mama linda!!
I LOVE MAMA LINDA! She's funny, the class is easy and interesting (if you're a Psych major, most of the material will come up in other classes). She has a sense of humor.
She is by far the sweetest professor I've ever had. She will help you tremendously if you ask. She does ramble about off-topic things, a lot. BUT, some of the subjects she teaches are pretty boring and her stories help make them more bearable. As an advisor she's useless. She doesn't want to be one and it shows. Seek guidance elsewhere!!!
She's a really great professor, but is probably a little too easy. She would introduce an easy concept and then go on to explain for 10 or 15 minutes. She tells great stories, but at that hour in the morning I'd rather just get to the point. I probably would have enjoyed the class more if it wasn't so insanely early in the morning.
Dr. Yelland is by far a professor who cares about her students. While her classes are fun, she gets the point accross.TWO THUMBS WAY UP!! I learned a lot about why humans do the things they do and her application of theory into everyday experiences is amazing. A+ professor.
ABSOLUTELY the most fantastic professor on campus. She's fun, makes the material interesting, and is just an amazing person. (she gave me 2$ for coffee one morning without me asking). This woman deserves an award. I switched my major to psych because she made it so fascinating. People say its easy because she really cares about our grades!
easy class and professor as long as you don't slack and watch/go to the lectures. she's entertaining and has a lot of good examples.
Hilarious, likes to tell stories to illustrate the material. VERY understanding about make-up exams. After an hr of class she gave us 20 min to get breakfast. Not on the study guide = not on the test.Need psy credits? busy schedule?TAKE A CLASS WITH LINDA! Sleep in & watch the vids if you prefer!The Umaine hater below can't even spell lazy or laid!
This professor may not appeal to psychological snobs since she usually does not lecture in constant psychological banter. She uses experiences to demonstrate theories, which doesn't mean she isn't capable. It conveys that she wants all students to be able to adapt theories & terms successfully. Exams are easy if you study notes & use study guide.
She captures the attention of her students. She covers a lot of material and teaches in a very laid back and entertaining way, which is so refreshing. I've taken numerous classes from her and personally learned a lot in those classes. She is very to the point and doesn't waste your time.She's out to teach for understanding and keep it clear.
AMAZING! This is a first class educator...
Linda is the best teacher I ever had. She can make a dry subject come alive. The Univ. of Maine is very lucky to have her on staff. She cares about students, is passionate about the subject, and she is very fair. I wish more Univ. Prof's. cared about their students the way that she does. Two Thumbs UP!!
I'm not a morning person but she made me want to get up for the 9 am class, I didnt miss a day!!!
I have taken three of Linda's classes: Social Psych, Motivation and Learning. I learned a lot, and she was supportive and energetic about her teaching. I would recommend her to anyone.
Linda is GREAT!!!! Not only does she make calls fun, exciting, and a pleasure to attend, but she also makes sure that any student that wants to put forth the bare essentials is well prepared to take her exams. I really enjoyed this class, and that rarely happens in classes when I learn a lot. Thanks
Great teacher! extremely funny...tells you exactly what's on the test...loves her job and likes to have fun...only the people who don't try in her class and don't go to class hate her...it's easy to get an A and learn the important stuff in psy 100
She's so enthusiastic to teach, and very funny. I learned a lot from Dr. Yelland.
She's an amazing professor. She doesn't waste time in class, she keeps things interesting, and she's one of the nicest people you could meet.
Linda Yelland is the best professor ever. She has so much energy for an 8:00am class, she keeps my interest for the entire class period. She is very helpful and is willing to do anything to help her students and their are no tricky questions on her exams.
Linda is a wonderful professor and a recommend to any Psych major.
This was my first class of my freshman year at the university and it was great. I am a junior now, and she is one of my favorite professors I have had thus far!
I Love Dr. Yelland! She is a bit nutty but that only makes her more fun! She knows her stuff!
She is an awesome professor. She tells you what questions will be on the test, very nice lady. But kinda crazy too.
Made a boring topic fun!! Awesome professor
Linda Yelland is an awesome Professor. She is extremely clear and wants her students to succeed. This was my second class w/Prof. Yelland, and it will definitely not be my last.
Awesome class! Linda makes the subject material interesting and easy to understand. Her tests are hard though.
History and Systems is a tough class. Her tests are very difficult, study hard. She makes class fun and is fair. If you have a question on the test, ask her!
Very fun, but is more of a goof than a teacher.
She's so awesome! I learned so much from her! Very worthwhile class!
I thought she was hilarious, and a great teacher!
She made it fun, this school sucks so much she's only teacher I learned from
Excellent class! Very interesting lectures and tests aren't too bad.
She makes class fun, and streight forword
Nice, enthusiastic, fun, cares about students. Tells what is on exam beforehand
Awesome teacher. One of the best. Funny and helpful.
Yelland rocks! she's awesome, & those who don't learn from her don't want to
excellent teacher, fun, interesting
I would take another PSY course just to have her again!
Absolutely the best prof in my undergrad experience. He is open and receptive, yet expects alot. And you want to give alot in return. He is fair and even tempered, and gives each student the kind of one on one attention they would get in a private class. He has made me an artist.
Prof Lewis is an exceptional professor. His love of art, his love of teaching and his energy work together as he affects your very soul.Under his guidance and watchful eye, you bring forth your best work.If you open yourself up to the experience you will grow both as an artist and as a human being.
Great professor, very helpful, i could see my work improving with each drawing i did, not only is he a good teacher but a good person too, any time you want him to take a look at your artwork inclass or out, he'll be there.
Great professor, he knows his stuff, and you will learn a lot. Keep it up.
He is a very gentle, kind man who pushes you to do your very best
Great teacher! Very intelligent but still has the ability to bring concepts down to an undergrad level. I'm a senior and he is the best professor I have ever had. Taking one of his classes is something I wouldn't miss out on!
One of the two best professors in the business school, the other one is Borgman, must-take classes
The best professor I've had. Knowleadgeable guy, interesting classes, a must take in finance!!
SEXY- VERY SEXY
Great teacher, interesting, fair grades, not an egghead and cares about students
You'll be more resilient and intellectual in your adult life and remember that he was different.
Alas my old professor has retired but the lessons learned from him, and his wisdom, live with me today. Such a good man, an inspiration to me and now inspiration I;m trying to pass on to my three children.
Dr. Sundahl was my professor for two core courses: English 104 and English 105. He organized the class with a large lecture, small serminars, and in office tutorials. As a first year student, I was very appreciative of the time he gave again and again. And the occasional hug when I was down. He made a major impact on my life.
Dr. Sundahl offered this course as an overload, on top of all his other duties and his last semester of teaching. My first poem was two pages long; after editing, I was left with three lines and his comment that the three lines made a very good poem. It was something to watch and although hard to watch, I learned a lot. Wonderful man, wonderful
Interesting title for a class: We the People, An American Journey. More a survey of American Intellectual History, but, oh my, an intellectually life changing experience from a funny, quietly good, very human and prudent man. Skipped one class and felt guilty but made it up in his office.
This class was a small seminar, ten students, in creative writing. There was some reading from Maritain but mostly introductory material and then workshop on our own writing. It was stimulating and I learned more about how to read and write, about myself, and others than every before. Brilliant class taught by a very fine man.
Dr. Sundahl's online Great Books class on Job was lucid, reaffirming and inspirational. Job repents in dust ashes because he's stayed true to the Holy Spirit and sees through this material veil to Man's Redeemer God's omnipotent Holiness purpose. One is grateful to truth guides. Thank you, Dr. Sundahl
I had Dr. Sundahl over 10 years ago, and now I am an (economics) professor myself. He was one of the most influential professors I had at Hillsdale. If you think he's hard, suck it up. If you can't understand him, ask or do some independent thinking. Listen to what he says. Trust me, it'll be useful later on, no matter what field you pursue.
He has a wonderful sense of humor which some people will take in the wrong way. He is willing to help anyone and will grade on effort.
Great class
Dr. Mills is cute, intelligent, and helpful - everything you want in a professor. There are people on here who just want an easy A and don't care about learning. If you don't like to THINK then maybe her class, or college in general, isn't for you. She's expanded my mind on film in so many ways. And her films are good.
I took this class online and did not even purchase any of the books required and still received an A in the course. Majority of the films are interesting and the material tested on is pretty easy to go over. She is great with communication and quite helpful if you need it. Only did 1 writing paper besides the quizzes/tests. Definite recommendation!
Wouldn't recommend it for people that don't have any background or interest in TV production. This class pretty much teaches you the basics of television (specifically news) without ever touching a piece of equipment (which sucks) cuz how ru supposed to learn nething....i learned way more in my 4 years in high school...but i got an A easily
She is the nicest professor I have had in college. She is interesting and willing to help you if you need it. If you do the work, you will get a good grade. Try and get yourself in her class
A+ Great Teacher, unfortunately held back due to fact that the dept does not give her support. She could shine if she was not held back by the dept head of RTV.
very caring teacher, she was even helpful after I graduated
Those damn pop quizzes screwed me! Don't make the same mistake. Attend every single class.
makes the class fun!!! a good teacher and always fair
For the life of me I can't understand why the student would find this professor less than adequate. there's never been a moment that I haven't been enthralled by his ideas.
great guy
One of my top 3 teachers ever. Great guy. Knows his stuff. The master. Very kind
Mike while vague at times does not hold your hand through anything. He will push you to do your best offering guidance along the way, that is only if you ask for it. Mike typically does not teach a lot in class but gives assignments that will require you to learn something on your own. He spends class time helping those who need it.
I had Mike for my Junior and Senior years. We wrote extensively in the course but it was well worth it. I learned a lot regarding technology and working with groups of people with diverse interests. The capstone is by far the best course I took as an undergraduate.
I think he's great...he's just a big teddy bear. All he's trying to do is to challenge his student and get them to think 'outside the box' If you resepct him then he'll resepct you.
Great teacher
Easy A. Took this class online, had 2 deadlines-Midterm, and final. Work at your own pace. Gives soft due dates to keep you on track. If you get stuck, all you have to do is e-mail him and he will help you through it. Super easy going, nice guy. If you have to take this class, take him!
Prof. Croy, is one of the best. He is very helpful and very approachable. Attend class and its a piece of cake. A fun class and you will never fall asleep. Attendance is not mandatory but don't miss class...very important. He is fair and does not leave anyone behind. There's no way you can't get an A in his class. He guides his students well. He is
Prof. Croy, is one of the best. He is very helpful and very approachable. Attend class and its a piece of cake. A fun class and you will never fall asleep. He is fair and does not leave anyone behind. There's no way you can't get an A in his class. He guides his students well. He is the best
He's a great teacher. The online exercises help out a lot. He gets to the point, but he's not boring or uptight. I am an English major and the class I was dreading turned out to be one of my favorites.
This teacher is really cool and easy going. This is a very hard class but Dr. Croy's book was very helpful and he is good at explaining this difficult material. Wouldn't recommend the course, would recommend the teacher, I got an A.
Very helpful and will go out of his way to assist in any way. One of the toughest courses I have ever taken but managed an A. Don't miss a class or prepare to be confused. An interesting teacher and I learned a great deal.
Looks like a hippy, but he's cool. I got an A and hardly tried. Just go to class and pay attention.
Great study guide. Plan on thinking. Homework is graded.
Great professor. If you do the readings you will be fine for the tests. Gives questions out a week before exam, take home and in class prelims, caring and understanding of students, dry but knows his material very well. Willing to meet and talk
Very articulate and knowledgeable. Knows what he is talking about and is very open to discussing ideas. Many people will give a low rating because they don't know how to read or pay attention. His voice might be a bit dry and you might fall asleep, but if you listen to him and are engaged, you will walk away from his classes thinking.
It's been 4 years since I've taken the class and I still remember the main concepts and theories he taught in the class. He is really amazing. He encourages you to want to learn more about the subject. Great professor and pro-environment theorist. And maybe he put me B, but what matters is the knowledge I gained that I'm using till today-Great guy.
Fantastic teacher
This lady is the best the Accounting department has to offer. If you fail this class it is because you did not try. She assigns a lot of work but you really need that amount to learn the material. The math part is easy but the concepts make the subject hard.
Professor Yarbrough is a professor who actually knows how to teach. That's a rare commodity these days. Her class is a lot of work and there is a lot of homework, but every piece of it is important. If you slack, you will fall behind and start getting bad grades. If you work ahead and pay attention, then you won't have any problem at all.
Yarbrough is a very sweet lady and will help you if you ever need it. Here's the thing though: take her if you really want to learn the material but don't if you want to avoid a big work load. You will have homework multiple times a week, attendance is mandatory, and tests are difficult. But the material will be forced into your head if you do it.
Very intellectual teacher who knows the subject and is here to help. You do have to put in effort, but she is very good at providing assistance.
Professor Yarbrough is an amazing teacher! This class is difficult and requires a lot of work to be put into it. She offers a lot of help outside of the classroom and gives you some extra credit opportunities. I highly recommend that you taking her if you can.
this class is not easy if you have never had accounting in high school. a lot of work required. however, if you put effort into the homework and quizzes, you'll be fine for the tests (all multiple choice and no trick questions). she assumes you know nothing and dumbs down the material really well. if you fail, it is really your own fault.
Proessor Yarbrough was an incredible teacher! She gives you tons of extra credit opportunities, as well as lots of extra help outside the classroom. Her handouts are great study guides and her tests aren't too bad! I'm terrible at accounting but I managed to enjoy her class. Take her if you can!
Awesome teacher! so helpful!! Hope to have her again in any ACCT class!
She is extremely a nice professor, who willing to help everybody pass the class. The classwork is a lot, but this intend to help you understand the materials and pass the class. I would definitely take her class again if she teaches another ACCT.
Very helpful, a lot of online assignments, makes learning hard concepts easier. Is very assessable if you need help. Keep up with your homework and class notes you will be fine. Was not as much work as expected but I took the course over the summer.
Professor is very sweet and will spend a lot of time helping if there are questions. Tries to give as many resources as possible. Attendance isn't mandatory but clicker questions every day. A few pop quizzes but pretty simple if you have been doing homework. A lot of weekly assignments online. Note outlines posted online
Take HER CLasse... she's very clear and helpful.. the HANDOUTS are soo helpful and her study guides for the test will guarantee you at least a B... Do the Wiley homework it will clarify things for u and go to SI they are free and answer all ur questions.. this class gives all the resources and opportunities for you to get an "A" so take advantage
Nice little old lady. Attendance required, HMWK before every class, but more than enough resources to do good in class. I highly recommend!
Ms. Yarbrough is the best accounting teacher you will ever have! Her handouts are so helpful you really don't even need to read the book if you print those out and bring them to class. Just go to class and do the online HW and you should easily make an A or B.
She is a very funny person. Quiet voice, loud personality. I liked her approach. She also provided you with notes. Plenty of help awaits in SI and you will neeed it. She will help you if you come to her office. Do not send grammatically incorrect emails because she will make you resend them correctly.
She is the grestest teacher i have seen. It is she taht let me understand what is accounting. She is a resposible teacher. She collect homework. She let the students work together. Her class is fun and interesting and also competitive.
the best! get 2 know her, she will help u. handouts tell u whats important for exams. lots of quizzes so u have 2 keep up. cares about students & wants students 2 do good. her assistant is hot!
Very nice and helpful. Wants students to do good. Handouts help alot.
What a great teacher, if all my teacher can be as clear and helpful as she were I will be a happy camper. she gives lots of quizz but all you have to do is the home work and study her notes on the website she provide you with. Her website has a great source of information.
Even though there are a ton of quizzes, she still teaches well. Most people who did bad did not take the time to do the homework problems. The exams are easy if you at least know some of the material. She wants her students to do well, and she will make things more clear for topics that are harder to understand.Does thorough reviews before exams
Great teacher! Made it interesting and as easy to understand as possible. Class moves pretty fast but she reviews before each test very well. There are a butt load of pop quizzes inbetween tests which are hard to be prepared for. Handouts tell everything you need to know. Be sure and don't get behind and tests aren't that bad at all.
Very easy, but is an Accounting Department drone. Final exam was too early and all other exams were inconvienient. Mrs. Yarbrough is great, but the accounting department sucks.
As long as you show up to class and do the homework, you can understand the material even if you don't know about acct. I changed majors from electrical engineering to accounting and still made an A. It was some work though.
you get treated like first graders if you act like first graders. dr. yarbro doesnt even use powerpoint. i dont know whos class you were in. dr. yarbro wants her students to do well and thats the sign of a good teacher. get to know her and youll do fine. easy b. a is possible. recommend!
She is a very nice lady and knows her stuff. Take her for accounting! Best teacher for this class. She is so helpful!!!
Great professor!!! if I had her for all of my courses, I would be an "A" student all the time. Things that you need to know when taking her class: do homework, read the book, do not skip class and you'll do just fine. very helpful. A+.
Very good teacher! Go to class and do the homework and study and you'll make a B and possibly an A!
VERY nice teacher. One of the best. Take her class if possible. If not possible, at least stay away from Westover.
great teacher
She is a very good professor! Easy Class, do the homework and go to class and you will be fine! She wants you to pass! GREAT Teacher!
This is a prof that really wants you to do well. Ask for help and shell give it. Best prof at UNCC! Dont talk in class. She hates that!
Very helpful. Handouts DO IN FACT help---they simplify material. Do homework and study! I read every single chapter and still got a B. Exams are made for whole dept.
I had her last year. She was one of the best teachers that I have had. For those people who don't do well in ACCT...take her. Just be friendly with her...and she'll love you. Awesome teacher.
I was so worried acct would be hard, but in her class it wasn't that bad. She had a tough attendence policy, but she was very helpful and is a very nice person. Plus she curves. I got a b with mim effort.
very good teacher but you have to do the work to get the grade here
Very helpful. Handouts DO IN FACT help---they simplify material. Do homework and study! I read every single chapter and still got a B. Exams are made for whole dept.
She is one of the most helpful teachers at UNCC. SHe gives you all of her notes typed, and she gives you practice tests and study guides. Acct is difficult, but she makes it as easy as possible.
Not an easy class, but she does her best at teaching it. Extremely helpful and wants to see her students do well. Be sure to read, do HW and study. If you don't, you won't get the grade you want... but, why should you get a good grade if you don't try&
She is an excellent teacher. My best advice is to ask questions,come to class,pay attention,& keep up with HW and you will do well-she's the best!!A very nice teacher!!Get to know her & she will go out of her way to help you understand!!Take her!!!
Best teacher in the accounting department. Extremeley helpful and clear.
If you cant pass this class then your an IDIOT. She's the best teacher I have ever had.
She is very approachable if you have questions. Gives real life examples and talks about her daughter's company a lot!! Take her if you want to get a A...you'll have to do HW but that is where the trest questions come from. Really a great professor
She is one of the sweetest teachers i have ever had...More than willing to answer any question you have and does her best to make sure you understand the material. She is not intimidating at all and you can really tell she really wants the best for YOU!!
She was an EXCELLENT teacher! I defnitely recommend her. She was incredibly helpful, and very clear about what was to be on the tests. She is the best!
She is very helpful. I missed the first 3 weeks of class, she let me make it up and made sure that I understood everything. Make sure you do the homework and come to class. Her tests are relatively easy as long as you come well prepared. Great teacher!!!
she helped me get into carolina. what a nice lady and a great professor!
She is such a caring person. If you show her that you really want to work hard and do well by doing all the homework and being prepared for the quizzes, she will help you out. She teaches accounting with such clarity, its impossible not to understand.
She was a great teacher and actually made accounting fun to learn. She kept the class interested, and was fair to all of her students. If you need to take accounting...then I HIGHLY recommend Kathryn Yarbrough
Good teacher but challenging course. She willl prepare you well for the test. Do what she tell you to do and you will be successful.
She is the best teacher !! She helps whenever you need it !! She is a really sweet person !!
VERY GOOD TEACHER!! She wants her classes to do good and is willing to do anything to help you! If you need extra help outside of class, this is the teacher to take! She definitly makes accounting easy enough to understand!
Best teacher in business department! She wants you to do well and will help you. Exams are hard. Quizzes and projects raise your grade. Good sense of humour too.
Ms. Yarbrough is one of the nicest teacher at UNCC. Accounting is Hard!! I don't give a fart what teacher you have! But she makes very difficult material easy to learn as it can get. Great lectures & handouts & would highly recommend! Prepares you for exa
she goes way beyond what most teachers do to help her students. get to know her! she'll give you help if you need it. i had her last semester for 2121 & wish i had her this semester for 2122. if you do what she tells you it's an easy a.
Great lectures & handouts. Prepares you for exam. Requires attendance and WILL call on you in class so be prepared. Lots of homework and other stuff outside of class but this isn't high school. I'd take any other class she teaches.
Ms. Yarbrough is the nicest teacher at UNCC. she makes very difficult material about as easy to learn as it can get. would highly recommend!
goes way beyond whats necessary to help students. hard class tho.
this woman knows how to teach, she's great
doesn't count attendance. great exam reviews. exc prof!
goes over hw only if you ask ?s. quiz grades help. nice lady. great handouts
cares about students & wants them to do well
will do whatever she can to help you. hard exams, but quiz grades help
My fav prof ever! Do hw! I made an A! I love her!
if u dont pass this class it ur own fault! shell do everything she can to hlp u.
get to know her! great handouts, hard quizzes. do homework! common exams.
my fav teach! do yr h/w! if u ask 4 hlp u will get it. real nice lady!
She cares about her students, and that is what makes a teacher!
She's a rarity - a prof who likes students! Will help u if u ask.
THE BEST! She WANTS you to do well... goes out of her way! Ask q's, get A's.
great exam review! would take any class she teaches! real nice!
Best teach in College of Bus! Do yr hw! Lots of quizzes, but they come from hw.
really friendly! will go out of her way to help you if you ask! get to know her!
doesnt take up homework doesnt take attendance but go to class & youll do OK
hard course, but great teacher. relates course to real world stuff.
she will go out of her way to help you if you need it. great teacher!
she was a great teacher. i totally understood accounting for the first time
excellent! fun and helpful
THE BEST!
Just finished exam. It was HARD, but she gave GREAT review so I was prepared!
Great teacher. Would take again for 2122. TELLS YOU EXACTLY WHAT IS ON TESTS!!
She'll teach u what u need to pass exams. Ask 4 help & u will get it.
handouts help a lot. nice lady. if you need special help, just ask.
my favorite professor! would take any course she teaches!
good exam reviews. attendance required. will give help if u ask.
Cares about students. Project is hard. Prepares you for 2122. Good exam reviews!
Not the easiest class in the world, but you will be ready for 2122. Takes up hw
Dr. Morgan is, by far, one of the best professor's I have ever had. I would highly recommend her class to anyone that is willing to work hard; she is always very willing to help when you are having difficulty in any area. I have learned so much from her class!
This woman is wonderful. SHe does actually make you use that thing called a brain and (God forbid) THINK! If you just read the lit then you'll do fine. You dont have to agree with her opinions to do well.... just actually have opinions! Do your work and you will get an A.
Took her for a summer course and she was wonderful. Very helpful to students' individual needs. I didn't experience any of the negative aspects mentioned here by other students. I thought she was wonderful. Give her a chance before DROP/ADD ends.
One of the better teachers I've had. Somewhat demanding, but interesting.
Funniest professor I've had by far. The jokes he cracks in class are hilarious and he is a really outgoing guy. The class itself mainly comprised of note-taking because is an easier class nonetheless. best guy for your 1502 requirement.
The most interesting history teacher you will ever have the oppuritunity to take. He taught me how to study for harder tests through teaching methods. tells you exactly how the tests will be but make sure you study the terms like you need to know whats going on, he relates the lectures to easier things to help you understand and he is so hilarious.
Best teacher I've had in college so far, his lectures are interesting and he's a funny guy. Lots of reading and about 4 tests a semester but if you put in effort and study a couple days ahead you'll do good on tests. Highly recommend going to office hours at least once and he'll be happy to help if your wondering what you can do better on tests.
This class is easily my favorite history class I've ever taken. Dr. Lansen's lectures are funny and engaging. The class can be difficult, and there are quite a few books to read for the course. He grades semi-harshly, but gives really good feedback so that you can improve your test grades. This class made me love history!!
Dr. Lansen is one of the funniest professors I have taken and has very interesting lectures. He is a semi-harsh grader but fair with his grades. Multiple books are required to do well in the course but they're all good reads even if you aren't a reader. Pay attention in class and take diligent notes because they will be needed for the midterm+final
Prof. Lansen's lectures were SO good, felt like listening to a story. Keep in mind that you need to write meticulous notes and stay actively engaged. There were also assigned books with each unit. Each unit had a test that was an in-class essay. The final was an essay as well. Absolutely would take this class again, very engaging.
Genuinely an amazing teacher who is very passionate about what he teaches. Deals with chaos in class well and uses them to enhance his essay. Lots of lectures but like a story. Pay good attention in class and take extensive notes like its a paper you have to submit. Keep at it with your reading. Went from hating to loving history with his class.
Dr. Lansen is an amazing professor! His tests were all essay tests and required a lot of studying/reading, but his lectures were really interesting. He was a little difficult to hear sometimes, but aside from that, this class made me love history.
Dr. Lansen is one of the best lecture professors at UNCC. He is insightful, respectful, and caring. However, this class is not passive; you must attend and take meticulous notes. The midterm and final are based on lectures. He's a harsh grader; don't take this course for an easy grade if you're not a history major or minor.
Dr.Lansen is Kind, understanding and funny. Attendance is mandatory but class isn't dreadful because he makes lectures interesting.
I've had Dr. Lansen before this class and he is a great professor. But if you want to enjoy your summer, do not take this class. I spent hours doing homework, and all I did was homework for the six week long period. He is a great professor by all means, but this class is not for the skeptical or weak.
One of the best, if not the best professor, I have ever had the opportunity to take. You'll learn how to write an amazing research paper, but you will have to put in the work. Go to every class and every office hour to get the most feedback to get an A. Short class during the summer but definitely enjoyable, and I was certainly proud of my paper.
I loved his lectures; they were very engaging and interesting. The only thing is that he would go kind of fast which made it hard to follow along and his note-taking strategies were kind of hard to follow for someone who is new to history. Get the books that are required! Grades depend on 3 essay exams so take notes well and pay attention!!
This professor knows his stuff. Took his Third Reich course, his lectures were extremely engaging. If you don't know much about WW2 before taking this class you'll have to put in a lot of studying. Tests are open ended that make you critically think (which is good). Kind, compassionate, caring, and popular professor.
As long as you put in effort, you'll be fine. Some people who took this class as an elective, do not do this. This course requires a presentation, a 10-12 paged research paper, and quizzes. So if you do not care about history or are looking for an easy elective, this is not it. I will say this class is very interesting and I enjoyed it a lot.
Dr. Lansen is the best professor I've had at this school. As long as you put in the effort, he will meet you with clear feedback and support. This class was extremely interesting and I learned lots in his class. Really funny professor too.
Dr. Lansen is absolutely hilarious! You can tell he enjoys what he does because his lectures are always interesting and you learn something from them. As long as you pay attention and actually go to class you'll be fine.
Professor Lansen is one of my favorite history professors! He cares so much about his students understanding materials over their grade. I have set up several meetings with him and sent many emails to get more details about the content or assignment and he helped every time!
One of the best history professors I have ever had. Made lectures fun and interesting. 100% recommend.
Professor Lansen was definitely one of my most memorable professors. You can tell he loves what he is teaching and his lectures are pretty interesting. Only bad thing is he talks pretty quiet and makes quick scribbles on the board. The tests were a little hard, but he made sure to prepare us in every way he could. TAs Kenzie and Jillian were great
Great professor who is obviously passionate about what he teaches. Top tier lectures, always entertaining. Only minor complaint is sometimes he speaks very softly. Writes notes on the board, which is quite helpful. Attendance mandatory, sign a sheet when you enter the classroom. Weekly seminars led by upperclassmen TAs are short and fun.
Lectures are easy to follow, lectures are told like a story, test heavy (lots of preparation given in class), caring. I will be taking another of his classes again
I loved Dr. Lansen's class because he is so knowledgeable and made learning history even more fun to me. My only problems were that you had to write down everything he said and wrote sparingly on the board, and on the essay-style tests, he wanted you to be super specific, or it was points deducted. The TA's Kenzie and Jillian were both helpful.
One of the most interesting, caring, and amazing professors I have ever had.
He is super funny and nice. Definitely makes class fun. By far my favorite class of the semester (and I usually hate history). His TA's are very helpful too.
Dr. Lansen is really funny and a great professor to have. You can tell he knows his s*** and really enjoys what he is talking about. Has lots of real-world experience and makes history interesting through stories.
I took his fully online Summer LBST2101 class on the Holocaust, and it was easily one of the best classed I have ever taken. The video lectures were captivating, and he seems really genuine. The weekly assignments were very interesting because they were pretty outside the box, like writing first person journal entries or working on a trial.
Great professor
My favorite teacher. No textbook but there are three novels (they're not boring). Class is very organized, hybrid because of COVID. TA's are okay. Lansen is really passionate and helpful. Tests make you think but it's worth it. Would definitely take again!
Dr Lansen is a fantastic teacher and I defiantly recommend him for any class.
He has the students best interest at heart
Teaches like he's telling a story; knowledgeable; seems to love his job, which makes it a great class to be in
If all of my remaining courses were taught by Dr. Lansen, I'd be thrilled. He's absolutely brilliant. His lectures are very interesting. While it's true that he's a tough grader, he will make you a better writer if you let him. Go to him if you need help and apply his feedback to your work.
Oscar is by far the best professor I have had so far at UNCC. I always look forward to his classes due to the fact that he can make everything incredibly interesting. He is hilarious and truly cares about his students. Be as detailed as you can on assignments and tests. He can be a tough grader,however, if you work for it you will be rewarded!
He is by far my favorite professor at UNCC. His lectures are amazing in each class; I've taken 3 of his classes so far and plan to take more if I can. He is a strict grader and unless you put in a lot of work, it's not easy to get an A in his class. He is also willing to work with you and really wants the best for his students. He's also organized
Oscar is the best educator I have ever had! His lectures are easy to understand and the way you learn to write notes will help you when you are studying for his tests. He is HILARIOUS, easily accessible and genuinely wants you to do your best. The books he assigns to read are books you will actually enjoy. TAKE HIM AT LEAST ONCE no matter what!
Professor Lansen was absolutely amazing. His writing assingments can be difficult, but he is very easy to get ahold of outside of class to get feedback. Participate in class and pay attention and you'll be fine. He is a fantastic lecturer and really makes history come alive.
I had Oscar for two semesters in my freshman year of college and I loved his class. His class is straight forward: Take his notes that he writes on the board and then study those notes and you'll pass the class. His tests are straight forward after you do the first one aswell and he is willing to work with anyone on anything. Truly a great person.
fantastic professor. one of the best that i've had in four years here. He clearly cares about his subject and is incredibly knowledgeable and personable. i would take any class that he teaches.
Great professor. He makes lectures very interesting, and there wasn't a whole lot of work with this class. Fair warning, if you're late to class or if he sees you in your phone, he'll stop class and call you out.
Amazing professor, but you need to get ready for the tests. Great lecturer. Not a lot of work, but you need to show up if you want to know what the hell is going to be on the test. I took my best notes in his class. Well, structured classes. Despite being in a class with 50 people, I felt like he was super open and personal with students.
Professor Lansen has been my favorite teacher at UNCC. His lectures are incredibly interesting and I have learned so much from him. Although his exams are essay-based, he teaches so well that they are actually fun, something I never though I'd say about a test. He focuses not on teaching you facts but on how to formulate a good historical argument.
If you have an interest in war and history, this is an awesome class to take. Lansen is extremely passionate and tries to make his lectures as interesting as he can. Tests just require knowledge of the notes, and I didn't have to do any real studying for the class. Favorite class so far.
Easily my favorite class so far. He teaches the subject with passion and a great understanding of the topic. If you need an LBST class I would HIGHLY recommend. Also, make sure your phone is turned off or he will make an example out of you.
Best professor I've ever had. Please take every single class you can with him!!!
Lansen is such a good professor. I took his Children in War & Conflict class, which could definitely be a boring class when thinking about the topics we covered but Lansen made it so interesting and engaging. His class was the class that I enjoyed the most this past semester. Definitely a memorable professor! Pay attention in class & apply yourself
Lansen is the best professor I have had thus far at UNCC. This history course is excellent if you feel the need to improve on your writing, research and study stills, and historical analysis. He is fair, interesting and genuinely wants all of his students to do well, so go to him for help, he will. He knows and loves history, and it shows.
Lansen is hands down the best professor I've ever had. He's engaging, knowledgeable, and I genuinely enjoy attending his class. He's a tough grader, but if you pay attention in class, take good notes, and study a bit, you'll come out with an A. Any history major has to take a class with him before you graduate. I definitely will again.
So funny, nice, caring, and down-to-earth. Great teacher and advisor. He has been teaching for years, has everything mapped out perfectly in the syllabus and he really knows what he's talking about. He might poke fun at you if you don't participate and do the readings, but he is really trying to push you to do your best. The LC is a fun community.
I took Lansen for Hist2005- Intro to Historical Studies. He is absolutely amazing. There is not a moment in his class that I ever became bored. He grades extremely hard but meeting with him will help you understand how to improve. Not only is he an amazing teacher but also an amazing man. He truly cares about the wellbeing of his students.
Lansen is a phenomenal teacher and person. Yes, the class is very challenging BUT he will always make an effort to help and expects that you come to him. By far one of the smartest men I've ever met.
Lansen is hilarious! Loved his lectures. He takes no nonsense from anyone, and he is all about actually teaching. Follow the syllabus, read the material, and pay attention. He makes you work for your grade, but you will leave his class totally fulfilled as a result.
Oscar comes across as a bit intimidating, but don't fret. Though he takes his classes very seriously, he honestly cares about his students and wants them to do well. His lectures are always amusing and packed with information. You'll have to work for a good grade, but it's worth it. Also, avoid showing up late/leaving early: he will call you out.
Literally my favorite professor I had freshman year! I hope to be able to take more classes with him. His global connections class was not easy because he is a hard grader, however he gives you great and clear notes on what the tests will be on. His class was so interesting and even though attendance was mandatory I actually wanted to go.
Had him last semester and this semester...probably THE BEST prof at the university. The notes are very clear to understand and will help a lot for tests. A bit of a hard grader though, one of those who believes no one can score a perfect 100.
Oscar is the best professor at UNCC. Take one of his classes especially if you are a History major. He gets the most out of his students, and the knowledge gained will help students in other courses. Take him
Best teacher at UNCC.. He is very knowledgeable and helpful in the classroom. He makes class fun with his sarcasm and teaching style...definitely take him! Make sure you read and are prepared for class.
Dr. Lansen is a great professor, he is a hard grader but if you pay attention and take good notes you will do fine. Not a class to stress about but very interesting. A very influential course.
Oscar Lansen is an amazing professor. He is very clear, helpful, and interesting. I never learned so much about the holocaust in my life!! He doesn't use textbooks but we did novels that gave us the POV of those who experienced the event!! Lansen makes you work for your A but if you go to class, take notes and ask questions you should be fine!!
Oscar is a wonderful professor. He goes out of his way to make sure that each student understands the material, and is definitely one of the best story tellers I've ever heard. His class is hard, but the material is interesting, so you WILL do well. I definitely would tell any incoming freshman to join the Learning community, I LOVE it!
The best storyteller I have ever had as a teacher. Had him for a three hour class and it flew by. Test are somewhat easy if you take good notes and study. You have to read the books he assigns, but he picks interesting stuff. If there is one teacher you have to take, it is Dr. Lansen!!!
I am in his freshman class about the Holocaust. My favorite teacher so far! He really cares about the students and will help in any way he can. He loves his job and it shows. And he's Dutch!! You will not regret being in his class.
This man puts on a show when teaching. Sadly, we all lap it up like nectar. He knows his stuff. He knows what he's doing. You can tell the guy really cares about the subject and his students.His tests are exhausting and detailed. Watching him write on the board is quite amusing. I recommend him. And yes he has a funny accent- you'll get over it.
Oscar is one of my favorite Professors I have ever had at UNCC. Oscar is interesting, funny and makes history fascinating for all learning types. Take him!
Good teacher, has a lot to say and says it all. You'll never get out of class early and he'll never extend deadlines. He's strict but a great teacher. Join his learning community. ;]
The best professor i have ever had!!! UNCC would not be my school without his help
SO NICE! Class is hard but extremely helpful. Tests are tricky but I learned so much!
Took him over the summer, difficult class but well worth it. You learn a lot and he is very helpful. Great teacher and + for you if you ride a motorcycle.
Oscar is the best professor I have had in my college career. His classes are not easy, but you learn a ton and he makes it interesting and fun.
he is the best teacher i have ever had. he makes the boring material kind of intresting.even though he has a dutch accent you can understand him. he tests are kind of hard but if oyu come to class then you will be fine. he doesnt give quizes. if you go to class and participate then he will help your grade if you are doing bad. take his class
I feel lucky that I have had the opportunity to take Dr. Lansen's classes. I have taken all of them-- and I am not even a history major. Actually, I did not need any of his classes, but he is THE BEST professor I have ever had. Openings in his classes are hard to come by for a reason!
At the collegiate level he ranks as one of the top professors I have come across. I do not believe in words, however, I do in action. Take his class to find out what you can gain from a professor like Dr. Lansen.
Oscar Lansen is the single greatest teacher I have ever had. Definitely take ALL of the classes you can with him! His tests are hard, but I actually don't mind studying for them because the material is so interesting! And once you get the hang of how to take them, the rest will be a breeze. TAKE HIS CLASSES!!!!
Dr. Lansen is a very funny professor. He does all he can to help you achieve the best grade in his class. He is very informative on all topics dicussed in class.
A great prof. I offten wish his classes were longer, since his lectures are really good. His tests are hard, but fair.
Mr. Lansen is a great teacher! He shows a great interest in the topics he teaches and is hillarious. He is always trying to keep his students interested. The tests are fairly straight forward...some is from class and some from WEBCT. I would suggest going to the review sessions. I would take another class with him any day because is awesome!
great professor, very interesting and knowledgeable
Take this class! He makes everything interesting. In a room of about 100, I've seen every single person smiling at times. He tells the best stories and draws you in to the material. He knows so much fun information.. its crazy. The tests are hard, but he will get you interested in the topics. There are 2 required course packs and thats it.
This guy is a great teacher and loves what he does. His tests are no joke - questions SEEM easy, but he wants MAJOR details!!! He cusses up a storm and is really funny. Takes attendance, but if you're close to the next letter grade, he'll bump you. Do *NOT* show up late or leave early, or you WILL get embarrassed - it's hilarious to watch!!!
The best teacher to ever step foot upon the UNCC campus. He knows how to bring it each and every class with amazing stories that will make you want to stay longer to hear the ends instead of waiting til the next class period. He may cuss some but that is just part of his teaching mechanics that enhances the classes attention to staying with him
Oscar was the man. He likes to assign papers but they are not that bad. He is very willing to help you on them. Takes attendance every class. Not a problem because he makes every class interesting. I would recommend him to every student.
Amazing teacher in all respects. He will make you love history, and make you die laughing at the same time. However, for people who do not like to go to class or don't like to read avoid him. He is a great teacher and you will learn a lot, but he demands a lot in return. If you don't read the books and come to class you will fale
He's a great professor. If you need help just come and ask and he's more than willing to help out. If you sit in the front you'll get the most out of the class. Most favorite professor!
I had Professor Lansen back in the 90's when he was teaching at Elon College. Glad to see he's still out there keeping y'all interested in the past and it's meaning for your futures. Thank you, Oscar, for making such an impression. Keep up the good work. I enjoyed Medieval History, World History, and History of the Dutch Empire.
Very cool professor. Extremely vivd in his storytelling. Tests are essay, but books are interesting. He is very willing to help and wants you to succeed!
Crazy little Dutch guy. He is so much fun! I learned more in one semester from him than in 12 years of public schooling. His tests are all essay, but reasonable. Take this class.
He wtf pwned that subject like it was his job... he has the best stories and is one of the most worldly guys to talk to.
The greatest class and prof ever. He was exactly what a good professor should be- someone who not only passes down knowledge but also his passion. He teaches with such passion and intensity that you can't help but love what he's teaching. History education majors- he will be the greatest history teacher you will ever take!
Great teacher!I had heard other students speak of him and decided to take his class.It was worth the wait(3 years).Very interesting story teller!A little tough on grading,but overall fair.If you need a Liberal studies class,this is the one.No text book!Just a paperback book($12.00 from Grays)The material comes from the class lectures and the Net.
HARD CLASS! But the guy is a great teacher,and classes are ALWAYS interesting. Recommended.
This teacher is EXCELLENT. His classes are hard, the tests are essay but if you go to class and do the reading they aren't a problem. I loved this class and I would take another class with him even if it weren't required.
Great teacher. Makes the class very interesting. Very willing to help if you make the effort as well. Defintly reccommend taking his LBST 2102 class. Heard his other classes were good too!
This guy is the best teacher I have had at UNCC. Very passionate and helpful to everyone. You better not fall asleep though b/c he calls people out in class on ocassion. He is a tough grader though if you think you are making an A you will probably get a B.
I never liked hist until this class. Now Im a history major. He is a wonderful teacher. If you pay attention, take good notes and study you will make a good grade.The only bad thing about the class was all the freshmen who liked to socialize during the lecture-very disrespectful and distracting.
Oscar is amazing!! His class is so interesting and he explains things wonderfully. Essay tests are tough, but go to class, pay attention and study and you will do fine. He's also so adorable! :) Def. recommended!
Absolutely wonderful! His classes are so interesting. Very knowledgeable on the subject matter. Make the effort and your grade will reflect that. I recommend him to everyone.
VERY interesting and smart; be prepared to work- but well worth it! He knows his stuff and class is never boring. TAKE HIS CLASS (if there are ever any spaces left!)
The most interesting professor I have ever had in my 6 years of school over 3 different colleges. GREAT PROFESSOR!!! He makes class so interesting you don't need to study and you will look forward to class. I got a B but I didn't work that hard. Test are short answer but not that hard. Recommended
Coolest teacher ever! Amazing person with great stories and teaching style. Class was required, but I would willingly take it again. Tests are challenging, however, there are many review sessions. He is always availabe and willing to help with anything. Take this class is you can!
i loved this class-lansen is awesome-willing to help in any way.people complained about papers but he taught them to write well.not easy but not extremely hard, go to class, take notes and pay attention.ask him questions about anything-really great teacher definitely taking another class w/him.
This guy is simply amazing. This guy is in the top tier. Very knowledgeable and very clear. Has some great personal stories to share and hilarious examples. The notes are great but you do have to read out of the textbook to get an 'A'. Attend class and have a blast!
Best teacher I've ever had! Hated History before him...now I'm a minor! He's tough but fair, go to class and read and you'll be fine. He relates History to real-life situations, and you're never bored in class. I wish more teachers were like this!
Awesome class, taught very well. Have to go to most every class to have a c or better. Very tough with grades but he is very passionate with his teachings.
Not easy whatsoever. Only 5 A's given out of 35 students. However, if you take our papers to him before they are due, will tell you what it takes to get an A. Read everything associated with a test, he will expect many facts mixed with observations.
wow...oscar is great and if i had the time i would definitely take more of his classes...he should be somewhere better then uncc...he loves to teach and has awesome stories that can make your mouth drop trust me...take this class you will never regret it.
I wish UNCC would require all professors to take Oscar's class on HOW to teach. He is one of only 2 teachers I've had who hit the trifecta: brilliant command of the material, effective teaching techniques, and concern for his students.
was born to teach. taught me how to be a better educator and student. love for history and compassionate above all others. friendly and professional, a rare combo! if you want truth, excitement, and commitment...take him.
The coolest Dutch dude you will ever meet-he's funny, interesting, and he knows his stuff. Makes history interesting and class isn't hard if you read, study, and use WebCT. Highly recommended!!
This guy is awesome. Funny and interesting. very lively and makes you want to pay attention. The best teacher i have had so far. plus he always says "ok kiddos" haha. hes great. class isnt hard if you listen to him.
Lansen's a great teacher He is very passionate about history and it shows through his teaching. Takes attendance so you must go. Tests are hard, read book and webct w/ notes and you should be ok. You wont regret taking his class!
Probably the best teacher I will ever have in college. Very entertaining and interesting class. Even if you don't like history, he makes it fun. Tests are semi-hard. As long as you read and take notes your good.
Lansen is a great prof. I've really enjoyed his class, he makes history interesting and worth knowing. The stories are great, no matter how off the wall they always manage to tie into the lecture. WebCT is really important. Study and take good notes!
amazing person...makes history intersting even to those who aren't into it. tests and homework are kind of a lot for a beginning course, but definitely well worth it. keeps class exciting and is always willing to help.
Very intelligent and informative professor. He knows his stuff and is excited about teaching it to others. You must pay attention, attend class and study. Tests are difficult, but you learn a lot. One of the best teachers I have ever had.
excellent teacher, his class inspired me to add history as an additional major...taking a class with lansen should be added to the core requirements for graduation...he's informative, creative and challenging! best teacher at uncc hands down
BEST TEACHER AT UNCC - knows his stuff and is a master at teaching - a real gem
By far best teacher Ive ever had, go to class and just enjoy his lectures. Not only are they interesting but very easy to understnad and comprehend. Take a class with him just to experiance him even if you dont need to
Best teacher I've ever had. Don't ever miss class. Exams are essay. Hard to get an A in his class. Very well worth your time. He knows his stuff. Great guy.
best teacher at school
if not the best professor at uncc then definitely in the upper tier.
Fenominal teacher. Really challenges students but makes it fun. He is a great guy and really funny. Take him if you really have a passion for learning, otherwise, it will be a waste of his and your time.
Amazing professor!!! You will learn so much. You won't be sorry you took him.
Oscar is by far the best in the history department if not at the university. A little intimidating at first. Get to know him. He's very helpful and a really funny down to earth guy. Can't wait to have him for Third Reich. Better study hard for tests!
Best in the history department. Catches your attention and keeps it that way for the whole semester. Funniest teacher that I know and one that can knows what he is doing. Work is a bit hard and so are tests, but worth your time.
Best professor in the best history department in the state, no BS. You must attend everyday but outlines course material and a ton of extras on his webCT site. DO NOT REFER TO THE NETHERLANDS AS HOLLOAND!
This has to be the best professor that I have had since I came to UNCC. He makes learning World History in the 20th century fun and exciting. I never felt bored in his class and I aced all the tests because I learned a lot. He is very helpful.
great professor class is very interesting tests are all essay but easy if you study the notes and website best professor at uncc take his class
By far one of the BEST professors at UNCC! If you are planning to teach history, you better take him for this class!!! You will learn SO much & become a great teacher because of him. It's easy if you do the work.
Oscar is a great professor, well versed, and very entertaining at the same time. Reccommend any course he teaches.
Great teacher, take any class this dude offers. Runs around the room and keeps you intrested. Test are hard for some but easy if you have a brain.
Great prof. Third Reich was great. Hard, but great.
Passionate teacher, class was more like reliving history...highly recommended!
Great Teacher but you must study and attend he grades tough.
One of the best professors in UNC-C. You will learn here but not realize it.
very good teacher...got an A but was 1 of 6 people in a class over 100 that did
Great Teacher, uses very good examples
Very Interesting, Knows what he's talking about: essay test aren't bad
Best professor at UNCC! His Third Reich class is great!
One of UNCC's best; fun and interesting class!
Oscar is the best! Absolutely the best professor I've had at UNCC.
Great teacher. Really reccomend the class.
Interesting and fun teacher. Essay tests & xtra credit for attendance.
Uses a lot of real world examples/experiences, and is pretty funny. The tests are most of your grade - I definitely recommend not missing any classes and reading the chapter of the book before class so you can be familiar with the content. He worked with me when I accidentally missed a test and was generally a really great professor.
Hes pretty great, very well respected. He gives extra credit opportunities and his tests can be really hard. You put in what you get out. Put in no effort expect a D, put in hours of studying for each exam you will do great.
He is an excellent Professor. You will get good grades in the exams if you focus on his notes. The final exam is in case study review old exams and notes. Although ECO was hard for me but after I took his class I like to study it. You will be fine with his class.
He is the best Professor. According to his notes you will get high scores in the exams. He understands and sympathize with the students who does not good about ECO,so he is willing and patience to answer any question to that students. Some students did not like his class because they were very lazy and did not focus in class. Taking his class!
Great teacher. Have 5 point e/c on every test. 5 tests optional final. Good class for any student not just Econ majors. Will make you better off in understanding what is going on in the world. Money & Banking is an interesting subject and an A is easily attainable with reading and coming to class. Not much math primarily theory.
One of the best Econ UNCC professor. You will learn a lot in this class if u are into HOw the Fed works, good preparation course to Finance 3120 too.
very knowledgeable teacher; good person
Easy Easy A! His lectures are clear and to the point. Gives reviews 4 tests
Easy, if you go to class there is no need to study
I had her for 1& 2. She is a good teacher. She is thorough and makes sure that everyone understands before moving on. This teach is not super-easy. Take her if you WANT to learn Spanish. In truth, I think that a lot of students are spoiled brats who just do not want to learn.
she's a great teacher, i didn't study for a single test or do hw & i made a C, very helpful, works with you if you miss class for a good reason, study for the tests & do the hw (she goes over it in class but calls you) and you can definately make an A.
Very nice and very challenging. Wimpies cried because she wouldnt spoon feed them
Teaches a hard subject, but does a good job of it.
The homework is difficult, the lecture presentations are mostly adapted from the textbook (Casella and Berger) and this is one of the best courses I have taken. You get out of this class what you put in. Prof is available during office hours and always answered the questions I had.
I have NO problems understanding this teacher. I think some people just don't want to do the work.
The crybabies use the teacher's accent as an excuse for their own poor performance. I could understand the teacher just fine. GET OVER IT EVERYBODY! If you're not from North Carolina, you'll notice that the local accent is pretty thick too.
excellent professor
Pam was hands down the best prof I have had at GVSU. You will need the books, so buy them and read them. Other than that, it's all about paying attention in class. She makes class fun and interesting.
Great Prof!! Really funny and is willing to hear the students ideas and encourages discussion. Did want to take the class but glad that I took it with her. Not alot to do alot of reading and one paper and a presentation. Really Loved her
She is a very good teacher. I highly suggest taking the class. It was easy, but you still learned a lot and she has a great sense of humor.
Doesn't really email back the quickest... so if you need to ask her something, either call her or go to her office
Pam is great! She has an awesome sense of humor! She doesn't censor her lectures and talks about random topics relating to philosophy but adding humor. You learn a lot! I definitely recommend her!
Pam is awesome!! You learn a lot, without even realizing it. she uses very good examples, and has a great sense of humor. The class is not challenging, you learn a lot, but without realizing it. Definetly recommend this prof!!!
Cool prof, she is a nutcase. Always had something funny to say. Is interested in what her students have to say, and she facilitates great discussion. Liked the class except Zen and the Art of the motorcycle maintenance.... oh well, take her she's great
You can't help but love this woman. Very willing to help. I love that she shares her personal life with the students. Hope you don't mind talking in front of the class. But she makes it easy and fun. The class itself is lame but the prof. is great!
Very nice teacher....helpful and funny.
Awesome teacher! Always gave examples to help us understand and made class fun! Papers were easy and as long as you backed your opinions up, you got an A, even if they were late! I definitely recommend taking her.
ROCK ON! pam is a cool prof, always giving examples of her kids to illustrate morals/ethics (usually funny).
A great prof - one of the best at GVSU - she cracks me up everyday! She knows the subject, has a great sense of humor, and has fun teaching ethics. If you are in the ethics theme - take this class for one of your requirments!
Pam Rocks! She is a very fun Prof who makes it so you want to go to class. I would highly reccommend her to anyone. If I had to take more philosophy classes, I'd definitly take them with her, even though attendance is required. It's not that bad.
She is a very funny teacher who makes Philosophy interesting and easy to learn.
very easy class. she knows the material. however can seem a little off at times but great prof
Take her! She is awesome!!
Who Da Man!? Crazy fun and sassy, Like an educational rollercoaster
AWESOME! u'lll love her - knows the material well There are real answers in PHI!
Very good prof, funny, and makes class interesting
Best teacher I've ever had at GVSU, you'll love the class - promise!
Very nice. Great attitude. Good teaching style.
awesome teacher, very fun & animated, makes class go quick
she is the "man" and is awesome as a prof, id take her more if i could
Great Energy...Great teacher...loves her subject and teaches down to earth
she is one of my fav. profs. always having fun and i really like her teaching.
She's wacky but she wasn't an airhead.
New to GVSU. Full of energy, but like all ethics classes, very boring
genious, wants students to know the concepts, very nice and helpful if you're good enough at math to keep up with him. if you want an easy math class, dont take him
Prof Gauss is very understanding and tries to engage in conversation during his lectures. Take him if you want an easy A. Because of his advanced age, he forgets what is due, but he usually extends his assignments giving us more time to work on it.
He really cares about what he is teaching and really cares about his students. If you have any questions on homework or due dates, he won't know so you'll have to ask his TA. He doesn't plan out his lectures much, just goes with the flow. He does not take attendance and the notes are minimal. Definitely recommend.
I love Gauss. He's so relaxed, let us out of class 15-45 minutes early most days. There are a lot of papers to write but he's a lenient grader and the midterm/final are both easy too. He's funny and tells a lot of stories. Also, he will call you out if you're on your phone during the whole lecture.
Easy class! Gauss is a very old guy, but really cool. One midterm which isn't too bad. About 4-5 essays, but they are pretty easy. Do not need to go to class often. He often lets class out early. Lots of extra credit reflection papers. I would do as many as I can to help get an A.
Super easy class! 4 papers, a midterm, & a final. Papers are 2-5 pages, not too hard. Midterm required a bit of studying but was manageable. Final was VERY easy, I studied for 20 mins before and got an A. Barely went to class but it helps to go before papers are due. He is so funny and passionate about sociology so lecture isn't too bad. Recommend!
I Love him and like this class so much. Very informative class
Easy class! but never he late to class or he will ask you to leave. a couple easy writing assignments and two tests. tests questions are hard to study for and most people don't do well on them. but the writing assignment and extra credit will boost your grade so much! highly recommend this class
Well informed professor. Lectures are useless in reference to the exams but they're always interesting. He does kick people out for being late so I wouldn't recommend it. Exams are based off the book only, so i hope you enjoy reading.
Really cool guy. I took him Tuesday nights from 7-9:40. We were always out by 8:30 at the latest. 3 easy essays that I hardly tried on but always got an A or a B. One midterm and a final. Class is on a high curve. Easy class and cool professor. If you need a SOC 101 credit take him!
prof gauss is a one in a million prof, very helpful and his lectures are amazing.
AMAZING teacher. Interesting lectures, always lets out early. Guest speakers are very interesting, do write ups and get extra credit. Tests are on the vocab of each chapter, know it well bc some answers are tricky. One of my favorite classes so far. I got an A
Great teacher! Keeps class pretty interesting and super easy class. He keeps reserves in the library that REALLY help you for studying for the tests. Easiest A I have gotten at state and one of the more interesting professors at State. Always lets the class out early.
very cool and approachable guy. He definitely knows what hes talking about and make sure its not difficult to understand. Very interesting videos and night class lets us out usually under a hour or when the video is done. Definitely recommend for 101 or 150. wish he was teaching upp division
This class is one of the best classes at SDSU. This profesor has a good understanding of the subject and curves his test. That is so awesome. If you miss out on this class you'll regret it i know i would've
SIMPLY AWESOME! HE EVEN RETURNED MY CALL TO TELL ME I GOT AN A ON MY POSITION PAPER. HE IS AN INSPIRATION TO CONTINUE GOING TO SCHOOL DURING A HECTIC TIME. HE IS VERY FAIR AND VERY ACCOMMODATING. HIS LECTURES ARE FUN BECAUSE HE GETS YOU INVOLVED.
Great teacher. Knows his stuff but always unprepared for lectures. All of his tests are from the book. Only 3 papers (super easy, got an A on all three) and 2 tests. Do all of the reaction papers and you're guarateed a B or an A. Always ends the class early!
Gauss is awesome. He's nice, easy, teaches from experience and lectures are always interesting. Assignments and tests are easy. He always ended the night class early!
My fav teacher so far at SDSU. Three papers where you write about personal experiences. Very easy A or B at least. Interesting to listen to and definatly go to the lectures where he explains the essays. Makes them remarkably easy. Decent test too. not hard.
excellent professor. really knows his stuff. tries to throw people off on the first day because he is very sarcastic, but if you attend class you are guaranteed an A. only 3 homework assignments. gives lots of extra credit. best professor i've had at sdsu by far
super easy class...take it!! only two exams...basically vocab from book, he curves the grades :D the class is interesting.. very funny guy
Easy class, just know the vocab and dont be late on the days you do decide to show up. Even though the subject is kind of boring Gauss made the lectures interesting and often let class out early. Good sense of humor too.
Gauss is so easy, he writes all his points on the board, and has great stories to go along with each one. class ALWAYS got out at least one hour early.(it was a night class!) his papers were so easy and his tests were just vocab from his lectures, dont buy the book u won't need it and take his class
this professor is very interesting and very funny, the only thing bad is that he get really mad if you show up late or fall asleep in his class.
he is awesome and hilirous... lectures are interesting. do not need to attend classes unless there is a paper due or a movie. Test are all vocab words! highly recommended!!!
I love him soo much! He is a very good teacher because he actually knows what he is talking about it. DO NOT BE LATE!!! Go to class it is very entertaining...but if you miss it, its ok just get the notes from someone!
The coolest professor i've had so far... you don't need to go to his lectures but they're so entertaining that youll still want to. tests are all terms, and papers are graded pretty much on formatting. study the cd that comes with the book.
Easy Teacher and interesting class.
Good teacher, interesting and knows his stuff. Really easy, don't need to read or even go to class much. 2 really easy papers. good class
Very friendly, funny. Overall, easy papers, fairly easy tests. Don't show up late to class or sleep. Never read the book. Get to watch some interesting documentaries. I highly recommend him!
funny teacher.....essays are easy...grammars count....tests a little weird....read book carefully
interesting class. He is very nice & funny and the class isn't hard
nice guy, lets you turn in late work. no questions asked
Good sense of humor; made class interesting; REALLY loves what he does.
great teacher, made class interesting and fun -- what a concept!
Dr. Belus' class was an interesting overview of the 1930s as a decade. I enjoyed the content, and the reading was easy to manage. Final exam was optional. I definitely would take her class again!
You typically have two assignments a week: a reading quiz and a discussion. Make sure you read the books because you WILL fail the quiz if you don't. The questions are not something you can Google and pass. However she chooses good books that are very engaging to read. If you don't skip the assignments, you'll get an A. Final is an annotated bib.
Pretty easy class for writing intensive
Amazing online class. Quizzes and discussion posts due every week. Very easy. She is not a tough grader. If you want to knock out an LBST easily, take this one! Professor Belus is sweet and caring.
Love her! Super easy class. Most of the assignments are personal to you so there is no right or wrong answer there are some quizzes on the text or documentarys but those are easy as well. If you fail you probably didnt do the work. this class is easy and is enjoyable. I actually like the material in this class.
She's a great professor. I learned a lot in her class. As long you try and put in the effort you will pass. She responds to emails quickly and is very understanding. Her assignments are not difficult. I had to do some PPT Videos/Presentations but it was not bad. She gives you great guidance. Definitely recommend.
She is a great professor. It was a writing intensive course but she did not make it tough to write. You watch a couple of films and write about them. I truly learned a lot in her class. The films were not boring so it made it easy to write about. I took her a second time. I would take her a 3,4,5 time if I was not about to graduate.
My favorite LBST ever! This is the sweetest prof I've ever had for an online class. She actually gives so much feedback on your work and really makes you feel like your hard work does not go unnoticed! I loved this class and even though it's not over yet I wish I could take it again!
Amazing online class. Quizzes and discussion posts due every week. Very easy. She is not a tough grader. If you want to knock out an LBST easily, take this one! Weekly assignments (quiz and discussion post) take a max of 30 minutes to do.
I took American Animation over the summer with Professor Belus and loved it. She was very understanding and helpful. She gave encouraging feedback and was prompt with grading. I loved the material. It was a great class to take for the written and oral requirements. I highly recommend her and the class!
The class requires a good amount of reading. Each week there is a written assignment and a quiz. The quizzes come from the readings and videos, but some of the questions can be tricky. Overall, the class was interesting and not too difficult.
I took her accelerated writing class almost 4 years ago and still remember how much I enjoyed it. She was really a creative teacher and I remember getting help from her late at night, via phone. I think any teacher who reaches out as much as she did is worthy of high praise. -Chelsea Whitman-Rush.
I loved Ms. Belus. I thought her class was fun and interesting and it was my favorite one. A lot of reading, but I still have all of my books. She usually cuts class short but you still learn so much. I wish she was teaching another class I needed to take!
Excellent teacher and a LOT of fun!
She was always there for me online. I miss her.
Great teacher!!She'll send you pictures and stuff online!!
Spell check is always a good thing.
She was just starting out when I had her and taught very well, was liked a lot!!
Enthusiastic and fun! Seems hard at first, just do your work and give it time!
Dr. Marks is one of the reasons UNCC's music department is getting better every year. I don't see what these other people are seeing when they say he's a lousy teacher. The man took over the wind ensemble in '99, and from what I understand the difference today is like night and day. Dr. Marks is doing a great job.
People need to give him a break. He's knowledgeable and caring. He makes mistakes, and so do all of the band members. People make mistakes. Give the guy a break and stop calling him out during class.
Dr. Marks is a very dedicated teacher
Dr. Marks has improved the band program so much.
He's so funny! Four tests total and as long as you attend class and listen to what he says then you are gonna pass! The listening portion is very important so don't forget it. You don't have to know music to pass this class.
super funny guy test kinda hard
Music with Dr. Cloer was the best class I've ever taken. He's super funny and as long as you pay attention and study for the tests, you'll do fine in the class. You HAVE to show up to lectures or you'll miss a lot, especially considering each test is 25% of your final grade, but it's an enjoyable class in general.
He's an awesome and funny guy that'll probably change your outlook on life as well as inspire you to learn and enjoy classical music.
I took Music with Dr. Cloer and I loved it! He was so funny and he made the material pretty fun. I took the 3hr course on Monday nights, and he let us out early every time. I would 100% take this course with him again.
This is a great professor. He is intelligent and expects you to bring your A game. If you don't, he will flunk your ass. Those are his words, not mine. Prepare to enjoy and understand classical music in a way you never dreamed. A entertaining expert in the field.
Awesome professor, one of the best at UNCC. Very entertaining to listen to his life stories though the class material can be a bit boring. Study the songs and you should be able to get atleast a B.
I loved his class, he gives you a HUGE opportunity for extra credit( up to 10 points on your final average). He is also a really funny guy and is more down to earth than most professors. Just make sure you know the songs and the history especially. Overall, he was my favorite professor and this was my favorite class this semester.
I adored this class - worth getting up at 9:30 for every morning. He's cynical and sarcastic, but he is absolutely brilliant and keeps lectures interesting! Come to class, take some notes, listen to the music (over and over). Not difficult at all to make a B.
Amazing class!He makes it interesting and makes it accessible to everyone. attendance isnt mandatory but it is vital that you show up for class so you can better understand the material. class isnt painfully boring or anything, to the contrary he makes it entertaining. I WOULD TAKE HIM AGAIN!!!
Excellent professor. Sarcastic, but who cares. Some people are sarcastic! If you pay attention in class, and listen to the CD's once or twice, you'll be fine. I gained a new understanding of how music has influenced history, and vice versa. He always makes the lectures interesting, and REALLY knows about his subject.
Mr. Cloer is a great teacher. He has a smart-ass sense of humor, but he's willing to help you learn more and do better in the class. He goes into the history of the composers of classical music even though you don't have to know it for tests. He gives many extra credit opportunities. Attend class and reading the book helps too.
The tests are really hard.. make sure you really study!! Other than that the class is easy
class is easy, no attendence, 100 for final exam, tests kind of hard but reviews the day before
At the beginning of the semester, I thought that I was going to hate this class. Now that the semester is over, I realized that I love it. This professor is so much fun even though the class is really boring. Take this class!! You will love it!!!!
As in EVERY Music Appreciation class you HAVE to study the CD's; he tells you exactly what to listen for on them; you have to take notes every day in class, but it pays off when he tells you EXACTLY whats on the test. Great Prof. Text book is not used.
Great guy. Nice, funny, helpful and CLEAR! You'll love the class.
Great teacher! Got an A in the class and never read one word out of the book. You'll love the final!
very cool guy... class somewhat dull, but he makes the best of it
I really enjoyed taking this class. She is very excited about the subject and will take extra time to explain it to you. She has no tolerance for talking, which, in a class of 150, I'm totally ok with.
read the book and take notes, if you get an A on the first 2 tests, you don't have to take the final exam or attend class for the rest of the semester
She is the best teacher for this course. She is nice and she explains everything really well. Hint: Take notes and attend class and you will get an 'A'!!!!
Classes can be boring at times, but with the material it's a given. She's very passionate about economics and fun to be around. Highly recommended.
Very good and attractive..;-)
Great professor! Very nice and helpful!
My favourite teacher
Exceptional teacher - has knowledge and passion for topic.
Sean Ruane gives lectures that really outline what notes he wants you to take. If you take notes during lectures you WILL pass the tests. No makeup tests allowed, unless you're willing to take a lower grade. He isn't boring but lectures a lot. Overall, his developmental psych class was great.
Great lectures, pay attention and take notes if you want to do good on the tests. Tests are only based on lectures (I never read the book and still got a good grade because I went to every class).
Funny lectures. Take notes.
If you apply your learning to your life experiences this class will really pop for you. If you dont attend you will fail, his lectures are the test. He is a very fair grader and really wants the material to impact your thinking. He talks fast, so you better keep up or record his lectures. I had to type in order to keep pace.
great sense of humor, lets you know everything you will be tested on
Sean is a great professor. He is easy to talk to and fun to learn from. he does a great job at connecting ideas with the real world. Although Sean lectures every class it he is great at keeping u interested. Sometimes he talks really fast but if you ask him to repeat the statement or question he is very patient and helpful!
Awesome and fun teacher. He lectures almost every class, but its not boring at all..he makes it interesting.
Great Teacher! Loved Him!
He loves to teach and brings the material into a whole new light. Not only do you understand the material, you absorb it he relates it to everyday life and you remember it. He is the best professor I've had so far and I'm going to take as many of his classes as I can. He is so funny if you are going to NMC and have to take a psych class GET HIM!!!!
Sean is awesome. I have had him for three psychology classes and the only problem i have is that i have now taken all the classes he teaches! He is animated, doesn't give homework, passionate, and very interesting. He gives handouts that tell you EXACTLY whats on the test so if you fail it's your own fault. Awesome guy, highly recommended.
Funniest professor I have ever had! Explains things in a way that makes you laugh and understand it in a new light! Most of his classes are just lectures with a few in class assignments and a final group project. Overall, he is awesome and I recommend him to everyone1
Funny
It was a fun class. He reminds me of Dennis Leary.
Tremendously skillful speaker; gave extraordinarily high-quality lectures of several hours for this accelerated-speed Summer course-- then turned around and did the same every afternoon for a different section. Gifted; even-handed with different schools of psychological thought; clear-spoken and charismatic without detracting from material: SUPERB
Solid Prof, very even handed in explaining different schools of thought.
As American as Tom Selleck in Mr. Baseball. Makes PSY 101 & 211 the most engaging, interesting, and fun courses since the turn of the century.
The best three hour lecture I've ever had. His unbiased approach allows you to learn every aspect and psychological point of view equally. No homework! Just basic notes. If you are a good note taker you will do well. Very funny, and kinda cute. He really loves what he does and it shows. I don't believe in psychology but I learned it well from him.
This guy is the bomb. He knows his material, been doing it a long time, one can tell. One of my all time favorites
Awesome teacher, really knows his material. I loved listening to him talk. He presents the information in an interesting, and helpful manner. I didn't use the textbook once. All you have to do is take the notes and study the notes. He doesn't care about attendance and there is no homework. I got a 4.0 and you can too!!
Enjoyed coming to class and he always kept things interesting.
Sean is an awesome teacher. I always stayed interested in class, he explained everything clearly and with quite a sense of humor. One of the best profs I've had so far
he is very good and keeps you in the class
Wow another outstanding teacher! He puts his own experience into his lessons. The stories are great and the way he gives the information to you your brain really soaks it up. Loved the class!
He's an awesome teacher. He lets you know exactly what to study and what not to.
Great guy all around- very easy to understand- alwyas willing to help out!
Sean is a great teacher for whom I have tons of respect. He knows so much about what he talks about, and as long as you pay attention in class and review your notes every once in awhile, you'll be just fine! Sean is hilarious and a joy to listen to. DEFINITELY take his classes.
Great teacher. He is funny and interesting and he knows his stuff. His tests are not tricky and his grading is fairly liberal.
grest teacher and good class, two thumbs up
Just take good notes, and study for the exams and you will do fine. A very interesting class.
I loved this class. Sean is a great prof, he really knows what he is talking about. I highly suugest taking his class. Test are only slightly tough, but if you go to calss and pay a little bit of attnetion you'll do fine!
He is one of the best teachers NMC has to offer. If you are interested in the subject, you will succeed. And save your money...there's really no reason to buy the book! You won't regret it!
Worth it, gives a lot of cigarette breaks on night classes and gets a little frustrated when talking about sex. Overall a nice guy.
i know he's retired but just for fun... really a great professor. made me work my ass off and i really deserved my A. Looked deeper into people and saw true potential. An overall legacy and the university should be proud to retire him after 30+ years. :)
Amante is one of the few teachers in the Eng Dept who teaches well,loves his work and doesn't give in to grade inflation. He doesn't play favorites (like others do).No departmental politics,no cutie pie favorites.If you don't produce,you fail. He isn't impressed by where you came from, but he IS impressed by your WORK if you apply yourself.A+ prof!
Great professor and love his humor. He wears pink but that's because he's a real man!
VERY INTERESTING PROFESSOR! ASSIGNS A LOT OF WORK IN EXCESS, BUT YOU LEARN SO MUCH INFORMATION RELEVANT....IN ORDER TO DO WELL IN HIS CLASS, YOU HAVE TO HAVE A DESIRE AND AN INTEREST IN THE MATERIAL AT HAND, IF NOT....DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME! VERY FAIR AND HELPFUL! THIS CLASS MADE ME A BETTER WRITER AND APPRECIATOR OF VARIOUS FILMS (IT'S CREATION AND IT'S CONTENT!) A+ PROFESSOR
Lots of whining from the slackers because they don't belong in college. Amante is a great teacher. He has a sense of humor. If you want to get thru college by prancing around and looking pretty, take another prof and become a favorite. This teacher doesn't play favorites. If you're full of BS stay away.
Don't bother if you aren't serious. He won't put up with it. You may work a lot but you'll learna lot. If you can get an A in his classes, you can get an A in any ENLG class. He will make you a better writer. He's one of those professors that weeds out the non-committed.
Amateurs need not apply. If you truly love to write, Amante is your man. We kept daily journals of the books that we were reading and were encouraged to draw pictures, make collages; anything to help illustrate what the readings meant to us. He is a passionate teacher who really excels at his craft.
Dr. Amante's class is kicking my butt, BUT, HE IS THE BEST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD. He loves what he does and it shows and I love him for it. I DEFINITELY recommend this class.
This is a REAL professor, not some insecure guy with a grudge against the world. You won't be awarded an A justfor showing up. The pet nonsense doesn't work in his class (isn't that refreshing?)Class is challenging, but consider the alternatives.
He's been called everything... and he knows it. But he is an excellent teacher. If you go the extra mile, take the risk and walk across hot coals, you won't get burned. He appreciates and encourages scholarship and ignores the BS games.
Interesting teacher. No BS with this prof. No pets. Recommended.
This teacher is really for English majors.
The workload is overwhelming, but I have learned so much. If you want to push yourself and actually get an education with your degree, he's your man.
Quite possibly the best professor that I have ever had. I have never had to work so hard to earn an A in my life, but what a feeling of accomplishment when you do! He is very fair and tells you what he wants from your papers and lets you rewrite them!
Amante is great! He is a hard teacher, but if you are a honest, hardworking person, you will pass his class with a good grade. He doesn't put up with crap! I absolutely loved working with him!
Amante is a hard teacher, and makes you work harder than anyother teacher. he is a great teacher and is always willing to help you out. Thumbs up!!!
Challenging teacher and a genuinely nice guy.
Take this class (Prof Selling)!! He is awesome. If you have even the slightest interest in sales (making $$$) take this course! His tests are tough, but fair. The information is 100% useful and really teaches you what to expect in a sales career. Best class at UNCC.
Excellent teacher. Make sure to take good notes and do the readings (which are short enough and easy) before class. He makes class fun and interesting. But don't underestimate his exams.
Great professor, explains things well and is very engaging, sometimes with the use of humor. Very personal and approachable outside of class. Tests are tough and they involve lots of memorization, but that is the nature of 3110-- study hard and you will do well. Sit in the front for participation points!
Best teacher in the four years I've been at UNCC. Takes the time to make sure you understand everything. Although, I did have to work very hard for an A. If you don't wanna work hard you shouldn't be a business major.
BEST TEACHER @ UNCC! Class was very interesting. You can choose to sit in first three rows where he takes attendance and give extra credit for participation. Test are kind of hard. probably struggle to make an A
Awesome professor! I learned a lot in this class; you have to read the text and attend class...you can't wait for the movie!
Loved this guy! Sitting in the first 3 rows and buying the study guide helpful to the cause of marketing. Tests are fair but definitely not easy. However, he makes this class enjoyable.
Great guy, uses lots of real world examples. Best teach hands down for mkt concepts. Go to class...90% of test materical is discussed in class. Sit in first 3 rows and participate every once in a while and you can get up to 5 bonus points
GREAT PROF! Knows how to teach. Funny & keeps class interesting. Go to class, take notes (easy), read chpt b4 class, and buy the study guide for tests (many Qs from study guide). One fo the best profs yet.
A really great professor; *DO* buy the study guide - it will help a LOT. Material is stuff you encounter every day so it isn't too hard. First 3 rows get extra credit. Exams are only hard if you don't do your part!
Great prof, explains well but expects a lot. Detailed essay tests. Must attend class but quite interesting. Amusing at times.
Awesome teacher. Entertaining as well as knowledgable. Exams are very tough (memorize every diagram presented in class, because you may have to draw them from memory). But overall, he's a great professor & I'd take another class from him.
Kool Dude, Makes learning easy and fun, Take him
He is the man. WIl make the class fun.Excellent Lecturer, very Qualified, Wise
Great Teacher, learn a lot,Fun class,Learn alot, , Highly recommended!!!!
Sit in front. very Difficult exams, MUST read book & study guide helps.Fun Class
Great prof. sit up front. not hard at all. go to class and you'll be fine
Good Professor and very funny. Sit up front and get your 10 points.
best teacher I've had. Humorous. Likes to curve. I highly recommend him
Not in my major, but one of the best prof. i've ever had.
he's funny, his tests are hard, but worth taking him
Entertaining class, difficult tests but will help anyway he can. If you ask.
He is very very hard. 5 tests hard. Some questions from on test from study guide
Hilarious guy. Class can get boring sometimes but he'll throw in a funny story here and there. I feel like he thinks things shouldn't be harder than they actually are, and this is reflected in his tests. Pretty easy, just show up 7 times out of 10 for attendance grade.
I took Mr. Jernigan for MGMT 3140 & made a C in that class due to his insipid lectures and not very enlightening textbook. I took him again for Leadership in the summer - & LOVED him! He was so enthusiastic & was very available 2 meet outside of class. Tests are confusing - STAY ON TOP of the material. He is a great teacher you will remember later!
great professor. easy book to read. easy to get an A
UNIV101 is just a basic university requirement, nothing too crazy. All we really did was learn about alcohol/drug safety & sexual assault. Ya know, the basics. Just show up & raise your hand every once in a while and you'll be fine. The only assignment was a passport full of activities to get you associated with the school, not hard just annoying.
Great class, different and interesting perspective. Regular tests consist of writing two essays in 50 minutes. He implicitly gave the essay topics and the main points in class but the tests were still difficult.
I had Joyce a few years ago and have to say that, because of him, I was very prepared for life as a social studies teacher. He expects alot, but so do students in the "real world." Deal with it!
Tons of work, some of it unnecessary. Still, Joyce seems nice and tries to make himself available to his students. Lacks classroom experiance, but still has some good ideas and makes this required class as interesting and useful as possible.
Ignore the comments about preparing you to be soc.studies teachers. He was wonderful, good networking, and very approachable. The others who commented obviously couldn't handle teaching.
Great class and trip. The American southwest trip is amazing. Good teacher, but a lot of writting.
the absolute nicest guy in the world. passionate, intelligent, adorable. may i suggest traveling around with him for winter session...?
oh man, why doesn't this guy have a sexy vote yet? GREAT professor ...
I have found him very helpful getting through all the student teacher stuff!
cares about his students welfare
I have taken Mrs Gaultney for both research methods and senior seminar. Many say her canvas is unorganized, but give her the benefit of the doubt as she's older and is retiring soon. She is extremely knowledgeable about psychology and has done a lot of research on sleep. Her classes are fairly easy as long as you attend the lectures and read.
She's great. She made research methods much less painful. She cares about her students, if they actully care about the class and want to learn. Her test are hard, but this is a college class.
I think that she did a good job of simplifying this difficult course. She breaks down the big paper into parts to make it easier on the students. This class is not too bad with a little effort. Would definately recommend her.
Very good teacher and good person. She'll help you get a good grade if you show interest and go to class.
Very good teacher!! Is never boring, you learn so much, and it's interesting....Have 6 tests and 2 projects (family tree, & health assignment) Def. take her she's great!!! :)
very nice, very cool teacher-tests are hard-the class is fun and interesting!!!!
Amazing professor. I came into this class not knowing anything about baseball, but Dr. Barto teaches in a way that will make it very interesting. His lectures are engaging and interactive! If I could take another class with him, I definitely would.
Professor was fun and funny. Class was meh, the first half of the semester was bad for me because I hated baseball statistics but the second half was easy which made it kinda fun.
Professor Barto is great! The lectures are fun and engaging! There are short readings for homework and quizzes each class (brief and straight forward). The second unit is solely about baseball stats, so it can be hard if you're not familiar with it. 3 tests, T-chart, oral presentation. If you get the chance to have this professor, take it!
Professor Barto! funny and awesome professor! Take him for any sports class! Super laid back, attendance is required but I really enjoyed coming to class!
We were online 1st 3 weeks this semester, and class was awful. However, once we were in person it became my favorite class. Short quizzes each class, and the latter half of the semester is presentations about baseball debate topics. He's really clear about what he's looking for with everything. Probably the best LBST at UNCC (in person at least)
I highly recommend this class. Professor Barto is very caring about his students as he sends out weekly reminders to make sure you know what is due throughout the week. As long as you read the Modules and do the assignments, you'll pass!
Professor Barto was by far the best professor I have had at UNCC. He is passionate about baseball and is a really nice guy. He has two tests, which he gives you all the questions for. It's just your job to memorize the answers. You learn about baseball for the first 8 weeks, then you play softball the rest of the semester. Highly recommend.
Dr. Barto is awesome. His baseball class was a ton of fun and I learned a lot. His story is pretty interesting and he's a super cool guy outside the classroom. Can't wait to take more of his classes.
OMG I LOVED THIS CLASS! Seriously the best class I've taken thus far in my college career. Barto is the coolest guy and really loves what he does. His tests are surprisingly difficult but everything else in his class is a fun, easy A. Really study the jeopardy questions and chapters in the course pack and you'll do fine. Scuh a great class!!
He is the sweetest professor. He has enthusiasm and knowledge, really teaches you the basics. His volleyball class is an sure A if you: Look over the handouts before a quiz they are not that difficult however, you need to read the material, and show effort in participating!!! If you do the above mentioned things you'll receive an A!!!!!
if ur looking for easy class to pass the time away, this is it
Take him if you get the chance. He is very knowledgable (is that how u spell it)? He makes the class fun, and participates at times. He really, really knows what he's teaching, and can answer your questions with full explanation. Take Him!
I had this guy for 2 classes. Great teacher. Makes class fun and really knows his stuff. Highly recommend any of his classes. Very easy to talk to and just really a great guy. Likes the Pittsburgh Pirates, but that can be excused.
Great teacher. A very fun/easy class.
Fun teacher. If you can get into his classes, do it. But gym is an easy A anyway isn't it?
FANTASTIC!
Great teacher. Cool and down to earth guy. Enjoyed his classes. excellent
Very fair! Enjoy being in his class.
Tough professor.....her test are hard...beware
Dr. Lee really knows her stuff and is always willing to go out of her way to help good students. If something is unclear, just tell her.
He is very nice and wanting to help his students prepare for grad school. He put me in a great internship for my practicum
All I can say is he's OK. He gets through the material by following the book during lectures. Nice guy, but an average professor. Memorize symptoms, symptoms and more symptoms out of the book/wikipedia.
fun teacher, very knowledgeable about subject. I learned ALOT!! very hard tests but worth taking the class. go to class and read book and you should be fine.
Awesome class. He is somewhat difficult and tends to fly through material, but he gives you LOTS of info. He is extremely knowledgeable. Very interesting class, my favorite so far. As long as you go to class, take notes and read the book you will get good grades. His tests are not that hard as long as you know your stuff. I highly recommend him.
If you take Abnormal, you must take Dr. McSexy. While he doesn't take attendance often, it's worth going to class just because of the hotness. Hah! Jokes aside, he's a really great professor. There's tons of reading and tests can be trickey - but I'm pleased to have gotten an A in this class. Take this class. You'll love him!
He is an awesome teacher! His stuff is hard, but not too bad if you study! He is really nice, and willing to help! Best psych teacher at UNCC
Whoever these students are need to give Dr. McAnulty a break. I made an A in his class and I took it over the summer (a 16 week course given in 5 weeks). If you're not lazy you can pass his class, otherwise don't take him. He's honestly one of the best teachers I've ever had and he's hot too!
Awesome teacher but difficult class unless you're willing to work. Go to class, take notes and do the reading and it's easy. His lectures are interesting and detailed. I loved this class.
This class is not hard if you take notes and read the book. He says the tests are going to be very hard, but I've made B's on them. If you fail it is your fault so get over it.
GREAT PROFESSOR! He is very easy to talk with and helpful if you need it. His tests are not as hard as everyone says they are. If you show up everyday you wont need to study that much. He makes the material interesting. The best prof. I have had at UNCC
He gives ALOT of information. Prepare to study your butt off. Tests are multiple choice and short answer. He's a cool, fun guy though.
He is a great professor! Very clear in his teaching. He is always willing to go the extra mile to help a student gain a better understanding of material. I would strongly suggest taking his class! He is one of the departments finest professors.
Learned more from this class than any other 3-4 classes combined.
Brilliant professor. Professor Mahons breadth and depth of academic knowledge and extensive real-world experience were just the background for this class - Entrepreneurial Challenges. I learned more in this class than in any other, undergraduate OR graduate level! HIGHLY RECOMMEND ANY CLASS taught by him.
He's one of a kind. There's no area that needs improvement. He is a great teacher, business man and person.
I got more out of his BUA 449 capstone than any other class that I took. Thank you Prof. Mahon
He is the quinasential educator.
i know your wife i am one of her students. she is really nice.
The best in the business school. I learn much from his classes than from so many others.
fair, real world experience, listens, interesting class, highly recommended
This guy is what every professor should strive to be! Thanks!
take BUA349 with him over Welcomer no question
Very easy professor. Not much work at all. Grades essays and papers easily
Huge feminist but very easy course... the journals suck, but as long as you have Something written, she will give you full points.
Great Lady. I wish she would have taught my other English Classes. Fair grader.
very interesting, hard tough (as you would expect from an honour course).
awesome prof. very helpful. always willing to answer questions in class.
Gave me my first A-, highest grade in 3 yrs! No equations on final!
great teacher
cool
fun!
Based old man. Smart as a whip. My second favourite philosophy prof. His seminars were always a highlight of my day.
The seminar I took with Dr. McCall (Topics in Philosophy) was a delightful class. The topic discussed was decision-makingi.e. themes of deliberation and determinism. He is brilliant, humble, and endearing in a grandfatherly way. I always left his class inspired and cheerful.
The most attractive man I have ever met. His intellect is something we can only aspire to.
this class got me through first semester. he's so entertaining, going to miss him! i hope he knows he has inspired many of his students!
Fantastic Prof, fantastic course. I'm actually sad that it's over. Take it.
Great guy, exactly what I expected from a philosophy prof. He's got a great wit to him, and his eccentricities keep class interesting. He told me he was the founder of philosophy in eastern Africa, and that he once got attacked by a python. Can't beat that..
I love this man. He's perfect.
Storrs presents a solid introduction to philosophy: the man knows the subject and structures the course in a very balanced. You will know right away whether or not philosophy is for you after the course. While Storrs is a fine philosopher and professor, the course suffers from the usual introductory/TA-dependant anti-student grading system.
Storrs is a great teacher, very funny, and has very stimulating lectures. You need to think hard for the essays though, and the final exam is a little tough.
amazing prof! love him
Excellent, really brings life to otherwise dull or incomprehensible material. Taking Philosophy 200 with him gives you an excellent introduction to the field.
Storrs is amazing! his genius is officially intimidating, and every lecture he gives should be valued. you wont regret taking his classes
McCall is sooo sweet!in the final, he came round and asked EVERYONE if they were ok, or if they needed any help.HE ROCKS!Take the class just for the prof, i love him-i so want to adopt him as my grandad.just so cute!
Great prof. GREAT.
The legends are true - Storrs remains the 'ne plus ultra' of philosophy at McGill. Take his courses - take _all_ his courses.
He is extremely knowledgable in the field, and wise beyond most people's understanding, due to his philosophical way of speaking. Intellectual and the subject is very interesting.
Is there anyway that I can adopt this guy as my Grandpa? He'd be a riot at Thanksgiving... so, does the turkey exist? Does the cranberry sauce participate in cranberry sauceness?
why would a philosophy professor answer questions about his personal opinions? that is so irrelevant it hurts. sometimes it's best to try to form opinions of one's own while the prof elucidates the literature.
Great lecturer. Altho I wished we would show his mind once in a while, he always grins mysteriously when asked any Qs on personal opinion & avoids it subtetly. His course is worth taking, be prepared to write at least 4 essays.
I hate philosophy, but Storrs was to date the best prof I've had at McGill. He makes the most boring, inane topics fascinating in lecture, and even made me not mind doing the reading. If you can, definitely take his class...just the lectures are worth it!
Storrs is great - really knows how to animate his lectures.
S.Mc.C is a great prof. He is funny, intriguing, and stirred my interest for philosophy.
I love his stories about Cindres, funny guy
So funny and clever...LOVE HIM!
A visonary. Entertaining, thought-provoking. A role model. One of McGill's best
Great Professor. If you go to class and listen and are interested in the material to begin with you'll get an A in the class. Her lectures were good and so were her examples. Not at all boring...I work nights and had no problem staying awake in lecture.
After reading your bad comments you freaked me out for my first test, but I found it easy and she has great lectures ,time seems to fly by. She is very helpful, high energied . If you review the sample tests in back of book study and read , go to class its actually too easy. So Im not sure where you got your imfo from, or should I ask your ages.
She was a great professor. Not as hard as expected (maybe just a bit more challenging than what OU students are used to) but she helps along the way and makes things very easy to understand.
As long as you do the internet study activities in the book you will get an A. She is awesome!
I dunno about some of the other people's responses, but personally I loved this professor. Her notes are awesome, her tests are hard, but you just need to keep up w/the readings. If you go to her office, you just need to get to know her a bit- she is more than welcome to help, always. I would definitely recommend taking her for this course! :)
she is so hot
She may be the best prof I've ever had! Her PowerPoint presentations made note-taking super easy, and she's really good at explaining complex concepts. You just have to read and keep up with the quizes and it's an easy A. She's very friendly and she uses f
I learned so much from this professor, and she's really in to what she teaches. She is very helpful and willing to work with students. I am an english major who had to take this class for a teaching requirement, but I still got an A. Just come to the lectures and you'll do fine. Awesome professor
You people need to stop complaining about how hard classes are - u are in COLLEGE! She is very passionate about adolescence & knows a TON about it. She is hard but as long as you read the material, come to lectures you take good notes, you'll do fine. Everything on tests comes straight from notes.
She's the best psych teacher i've ever had
Took 3 of her classes, good lectures, very helpful
Dr. Feurzeig is a very gentle, and because of this, she loathes forcing work out of students. If you come unmotivated and without reading, she won't make you, and you won't do well (makes sense if you ask me). The upper level literature courses are designed to teach history AND critical thinking and analysis. Many students don't like that.
Super smart...knows her stuff. My favorite prof.!!!
A fountain of knowledge and helpful if you ask. Take notes and do the work.
Very good teacher if you pay attention. Dont look into her eye
Very nice and pleasant. Others could learn from her.
You people need to stop whining and complaining about your own lack of intelligence. Just because you took a class as an "easy" group D and had to do work you whine and cry like babies. Nutrition is a complex subject and there are very few clear cut answers...If you have a problem with Prof Manning come find me and I will your "problem"!!
Kind and generous professor. There are no exams in class. All you have is in-class writing and 2 major papers. As long as you show some effort, she grades paper generously.
Very Good Teacher, Extremely Intelligent. Makes you work for the grade. It is a 3000 level course and you are in college so you have to put forth some effort for an A. Go to class and do the HW and you will do fine
i like her very much!
This was an excellent class. Thought provoking and thorough. Highly Recommend taking any classes taught by this professor.
Excellent professor great class
great class
Excellent Teacher I learned a lot.
Great lecturer, expects participation but is laid back in person. The guy has serious knowledge of the subject. His assignments are different than most history papers, and involve a lot more actual analysis of historians than assignments from other professors.
The smartest person I have ever met in my life. He is incredibly knowledgeble about Islam, the Middle East, and the world in general. Remarks about him being biased or unfactual are simply wrong. Take good notes because you need them for the essays/final exam. I've taken several of his classes and he never ceases to amaze me with his intelligence.
This teacher is a genius. He does not deserve to be teaching at this school. He is one of the nicest teachers I have had.
A wise man out of place at this university. Class is well explained and take home midterms make A's possible grades. Take this class - he is unbiast and brillant - i'm marry him for his intellect.
Awesome Prof. if you want to learn anything useful at UD take ALL his classes! Only Middle Eastern teacher on campus and he's brilliant so take advantage! Yey for Prof Rudi!
GREAT Prof, so intelligent, take notes and you will be fine. SO NICE!!
Charlie is an amazing professor. I took this class as a requirement for my criminal justice degree. Very helpful man, knowledgeable and patient. Cares for his students, will push you to achieve your best. Recommend him for personal defense class.
Charlie is an amazing professor. Took personal defense for my wellness credit, glad I did. He pushes you beyond what you think you are capable are doing. Fun class, know your pressure points because that's what the final is based on. No need to purchase book for this class. Participation matters!
LOVED him! He's super nice, helpful, and approachable. He's also very passionate about his job. Just show up, bowl, and have a good attitude and you'll be golden. I've heard of wellness classes at CC that have tests and hw, but this had absolutely none. Definitely the easiest class I've had at CC!
Great guy who made an effort to get to know and help each student. He is a genuinely nice and humble person who always has his students' best interest in mind. He was really fun and a GREAT educator who knows his stuff!
Great teacher. Makes you interested. I would recommend him to anyone.
Mr wells is cut. He knows his stuff. If there was ever a man who needed no weapons to hunt. This is him. He'd run down and kill whatever it was with his bare hands. But he wouldn't cause he a great guy. Id wash his car for him if i only knew where he lived.
great teacher
master motivator...you go in a slob , come out a rock!!
Very friendly and likeable. Excellent motivator.
He was very clear with his teaching and will give you what it takes to get into shape.
Awsome Teacher, the best
Awesome Prof. He is so caring, and he is also fun. Take this class!
mr wells is alright he gets down to business and will work you to death if your not in shape. so before you take him make sure that you are in for the long haul
HE's a SITE!
A teacher who really cares for his students. A+++++
don't be weak. Be tough and it's easy. I could take him down in 10 seconds.
Great class and great professor. Makes class very fun and entertaining.
He's awesome!
Fantastic
Beeman is a really great teacher. She expects you to work for you grade and study. Everything in her tests will come straight out of her notes so you have to come to class everyday. Everything is straight forward and easy to learn. Mrs. Beeman is very helpful and open to all questions.
Great professor who deserves and demands respect. Go to class, study and you will do fine. The people that complain about her I am sure are the losers who never go to class and then wonder why they fail. Guess what, don't go to class and you fail it is your fault not hers. Great professor!
Class is tought, but she is a great professor. Not an easy A. Just go to class and pay attention and you will do fine.
Easy class, well taught....
She is a great teacher. Just go to class, sit up front, pay attention. and you will get a B. Alot of this information is common sense, she just adds more information to it. Take CJ and LE at the same time, alot of the information overlaps.
Professor Beeman has an extreme passion for her work and cares about her students. She is very helpful, and however she pushes her students to do their best and isnt the easiest teacher I have ever had, she is most certainly my favorite. I appreciate a professor with heart and compassion. -CP
only the strong will survive, the weak stay home and sleep!!! Come to class,do your work and you'll pass. She's not giving anyone anything. WORK FOR IT!!
she is an inspirational instructor. I wish more were like her. You know the material when you leave and it is not a waste of your money or time. Be prepared to do some work . . . you are in college. Not for the slack or delinquent.
It's tough teaching big classes, but Ms. B pulls it off. She cares about her students and is passionate about CJ. Isn't afraid to challenge students and make you work for your grade, but it's worth it! Read, study and go to class
A great professor. I would take any of her classes. Go to class, study your notes and you will do fine. She knows how to teach!!
Beeman is a phenomenal teacher - I'm sorry some of you slackers got bad grades, maybe you should try to prepare for class once in a while. She does expect a lot from you because you're in college for Christ' sake. Go back to high school and get hand fed
Ok, I got a C in this class but I still loved the class. If I got the C it is MY fault because the class was not that hard and the professor is great, she wants us to learn and totally understand what she is trying to teach! TAKE HER CLASS!
take notes, read, study = A this is college its not high school
She is a great professor, she is very helpful and always puts her students first
I have taken her for ever class she offers..she is the best
He was vey good professor.
He puts an exam study guide online for each exam, including the final. He is very willing to help as much as needed. Classes can be boring, but its accounting... If I had to take more acct classes, I'd take him.
WONDERFUL TEACHER! Very clear in his teaching and clear with assignments and tests. Homework on-line is a much easier way to learn the material. If you have a question he is very fast to respond to e-mails. Would choose him over Fiorenzo...
Very interesting class but half class dropped because were lazy to read book. The explanation was very clear, just read careful the textbook. If you not ready to serious work - do not take.The instructor is extremly helpful in the class and tests were fair, not hard.
Very good teacher. Very willing to help.
Fantastic course! That man really knows his stuff! I recomend to all!
Great teacher easy if you listen and take notes
Very interesting and keeps your attention. The tests are based on lecture so make sure you take detailed notes! Something you think is simple and small will most likely make it on the test.
I found this class to be very interesting and informative. You do not need to buy the book, only maybe one question on ALL the tests come from the book. I learned a lot in this class and would advise anyone to take it looking for an interesting easy class to fill required classes.
He is my favorite professor yet. Very exciting class. If you pay attention and take notes, you'll do greats. His tests are fairly easy if you take good notes and study. Don't buy the textbook, you'll hardly use it. Very interesting and fun class. Mr. Spataro is very Biased, otherwise, hes great!
Lecture based class, pay attention, keep up with his intellect and you should be fine. He does a very nice job of keeping things interesting. You won't need the text book.
So he's Al Pacino and in the mafia? Good sense of humor, very knowledgable, should be teaching more classes. Anyone else realize his initials are a pharmacy (CVS)?
Greatest teacher ever. Enough said.
The book is inexpensive and selected readings are pretty brief for philosophy texts. Read the book in order to prepare for exams, especially the intro! Also, take good notes and remember how he breaks down each argument. If you're actually interested in philosophy this is a great course to take, but don't expect to do well if you don't put in work!
Coolest professor on campus.
Dr. Allen really made me love philosophy. He is an extremely intelligent man, who knows what he's talking about. He made me understand even the hardest of readings. This class was extremely helpful.
Real nice funny man. Stands by his convictions. Despite a lot of emotional hijacking, emotional blackmale, and difficult people he's demonstrated his a passion for his teaching and a love for his country. There are a lot of extreme right wingers who bash him a lot but I like that he is not scared to speak his mind despite ignorate pot shots at him
He doesn't force his political views on his students--although I've actually had some "liberal nut" professors who did this from other departments. Teaching Gandhi's pacifism does not equal forcing political views. Good professor. But clearly an easy target for the right, due to his anti-war activism.
It's funny how all the people who have a problem with Doug like to throw around words like "lefty." Fact of the matter is, he really knows everything he teaches regardless of whether you like his politics. Mispelled complaints about his politics aide, he's fairly pouplar.
People apparently like attacking Allen for his politics. I'm not a leftist, but I loved his class. Don't listen to these pricks.
Perhaps usernames should be required. It looks like one bitter Young Republican is trying to ruin Doug's rep (with complete ignorance of the university's hiring practices)
People apparently think that Doug Allen is an elist leftist or something. Hinduism was the best class I have ever taken. Doug Allen is a genuinley sweet person and a great teacher. He is absolutley the opposite of close-minded.
This man rules the world.
Just because he's a leftist doesn't mean he isn't good at what he does!
The closest you could ever get to being taught by Dumbledore. There's a twinkle in his eye when he teaches. You can tell he's passionate about his subject. Make sure to post every week to the discussion board and attend every meeting to do well in the course. Not difficult as long as you do the reading and participate. His drawings are hilarious
Howard is an excellent professor and an incredibly kind man. His mind is brilliant and he manages to make very dense material more accessible and comprehensible for students. He is also very interested in student's work and eager to help, whether you're having personal problems or you want his insight on an idea. Well worth the time and effort.
Howard is the nicest professor i've met yet. He lays things out in class very clearly and allows for class discussion. He's also open to new ideas, though he will let you know what he thinks. Usually in a good mood and ready to teach, i loved his class.
Bestmy favorite professor at umaine. Take tons of notes, don't miss class, write long papers, and talk to him outside of class. Super nice helpful guy who is very intelligent. Not just a smart teacher but a wise one. ALL THE WORK IS ALWAYS WORTH IT! At this point in my life sociology is not making me more $ but I will never regret taking his class
BEST TEACHER I HAVE HAD AT UMAINE! Honestly the guy is like 80 years old and the most intelligent man I have ever spoken to before. I wish I could take more classes with him. The sociology of the self class honestly changed my life in the best of ways. I also took Macro with him, a bit boring but he made it great.
BEST TEACHER EVER!!! Love this guy! i learned more from his class than any of my others. Heavy work load but if you do it and attend class you will learn so much and it won't seem so heavy.
Professor Cohn is by far the best professor I have ever had. He is highly intelligent and works diligently to make sure all of his students understand what he's teaching, and furthermore, that they do well in his class. I can't say enough great things about him!
A very insightful and open-minded teacher. Facilitated and guided class discussion while tying together the themes from the various books we read into one coherent theme for the course. Excellent course but the workload might be more than some like.
best professor i have had in my carreer at umaine
Brilliant man, very open to ideas from students, wonderful professor!
Had for 2 soc classes, VERY easy to understand and VERY helpful
Steve F'n rules... this man can really help you out
One of the smartest humans on Earth
Gifted thinker and a Lady Killer
Quite odd. He's still obsessed Spice Girls and he smokes inside with door open
Best of the Best Great Hair
Great professor! Lectures are interesting and you learn a lot of concepts and how they link together. If you go to class, take good notes, and study a few days in advance then this class is an easy A. He's very helpful, straightforward, and a nice man! I wish he taught more upperlevel courses.
He has outlines posted on Angel that he uses during his classes to cover the material. What he says during his lectures is EXACTLY what is on the exams. You need to know his notes inside and out. The textbook is used for select readings that he tells you before hand and for several projects. He's quite the character. Nonetheless, his class is worth
hard class you have to study your ass dont take this class if you are pharmD
He is very help if you ask him for help. The key to success in this class is that you have to REALLY study well.
Mr. Smith is a really nice guy and wants everyone to do well, but you have to try. His tests are tricky if you don't know the material, so you have to make sure you study and DO THE READINGS! Overall, he's a great bio teacher and you will learn a lot.
MEMORISEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE and you'll do fine. fun class, not boring.
nice guy. lectures are exactly the same as the previous year and all the years b4 that. but you have to do a lot of work.
I heartily second everything that the person below me said.
Excellent instructor! I wish he taught more classes
Great guy, great class. he makes it interesting and he shortens long reading to make it easier. His class essays tests are dictated to you with questions so very little thinkin about what u have to do.
Its not an easy A. You have to apply some effort. But, Mr. Manbeck is a very, very good professor. He fields students' theories about the themes of the stories with relative ease, without shooting them down outright, eventually guiding them to the accepted answers. One hallmark of a great teacher.
great guy! i love this man!
This guy made me want to read for leisure again.
he is a great teacher. However, he is extremely boring.
Dr. Mostrom really loves the material she lectures on and tries to make it as fascinating for her students as possible with videos and pictures as well as her slides. She also puts herself in the place of a student to offer us studying tips and questions she may put on the exam. Great overall!
Her exam is exactly her power points. She just rearranges the questions and words them differently. This class is 100% memorization. Lowest grade is dropped, so do good on the first 3 exams as they get harder. Easy A if you don't procrastinate and start studying early. MAKE FLASHCARDS!! No extra credit, and she doesn't boost anyone's grades.
Love her, A Genuinely good professor
Tests are difficult, BUT, she is soo sweet, her lectures are amazing. Post all of her powerpoints online (memorize them and youll get an A-B). Love her, its on the difficult side but not impssible.
Plant diversity is one of the easiest classes in the department. Just study the notes a few times and the exams aren't tricky. There's No textbook and only 2 exams but they're easy especially with a little effort. She cares a lot about the subject and gets carried away sometimes but that's just Dr. Mostrom.
I loved her class! She is really clear about what is going to be on the exams. Just study the notes word for word and you'll do well! She also makes class enjoyable.
She's so adorable! I wish I took her in the fall too. Her test are easy, just memorize her notes and look at the tables in the book she tells you to and you're guaranteed an A in that class.
Wonderful teacher. Don't need to use textbook although she suggests it. Classes were very long, but were very fun. She is very vibrant and lively which keeps them interesting. Also did well in her Plant Diversity Course. Easy A is you don't mind simple weekly homework. Tests were a breeze, class was fun, and learned A LOT>
Dr. Mostrom is awesome...she has such an interest in what shes teaching that she makes it interesting for her students..her tests can be a little hard but if you study ahead of time you'll be fine...
The coollest bio techer ever. Knows the subject and knows how to teach it. Very nice person, always willing to help. Relates well to students and tells them what they need to know to excel. Makes class interesting. A great teacher!
She is a great teacher. Tells u everything that will be on the test. Helps u 2 understand the material, and will help you with anything else. Great person to know!
Truly cares about her students. How anyone makes zoology interesting is beyond me, but she managed to. One of the coolest teachers is you get to know her - she has so many varied interests. I loved doing my zoology project at the zoo - field trips can't be beat!
MEMORISE!!!! i don't care if she requires you to stand on your head and spit wooden nickels every class, she's still 1,000 times better than wolbach. yes it can be a lot of work but NOT AS BAD AS WOLBACH. STAY AWAY FROM THAT SHORT UNPLEASANT LITTLE MAN WHO DOESN'T EVEN HAVE HIS PhD!
best teacher at USP.
Awesome lady!
She is one of the best Biology teachers I've ever had. She knows her material and enjoys teaching it. She is willing to help you any way she can and although the tests are not the easiest thing out there, if you study her notes, then it's an easy A.
Best Bio teacher ever! Memoriaztion is key, if thats your thing you'll do well. She really wants you to know your stuff...so learn it!
Good class, i still had to work hard even tho i believe Wolbach's class is a LOT harder than hers. maybe she changed this year? but from past experience, she is cool and very into what she does. lol. not bad overall!
Great Class, learned a lot of stuff about plants i never thought i would care about. Long class, but time goes by quickly in the low student classroom
Great Lectures, Always interesting, Adds lots of fun to class
He is one of the best teachers in the kinesiology department. Extremely helpful and always willing to help! Hes the best!
Great teacher. Very friendly and helpful. Tests can be a little tricky, but he's a good instructor and you'll learn everything possible about scuba diving.
FUN class! Read the book for the tests. Go to class. Listen when he's talking, follow directions, and have fun and he will like you (duh). If you goof off the whole time, you'll be on his bad side and good luck with that. Otherwise he's AMAZING...so nice, helpful and absolutely hilarious. This class was so much fun.
This class is the best!!! it's so much fun but dont think its all play and no work. definitely read the book for the tests. everyone should take scuba!
His class is the best class I've taken at UNCC I had so much fun and learned alot too. He has a good sense of humor but some people do not and can't tell he is joking and not being a jerk.
Roy is awesome. He is really fun and likes to tease the students, but definately not a jerk. Show up to class and you will learn a lot.
He's an awesome teacher! His tests are easy as long as you read the chapters and go through the quick quizzes throughout each chapter. If you think this is a B.S. class... it's not. If you don't study... you will not make good grades! Most of the class is trivial, but you need to pay attention!
What an awesome professor and class!! Very funny...tells great stories in class too.
hes awesome. I loved going to his class. He knows what he's talking about, and is really funny. This classs was really enjoyable.
Roy is a great guy, I had him for water saftey inst. class also. He's very accessible and never fails to help or clarify if you just ask. Very funny, full of stories. Never a dull moment in class, very creative ways of teaching.
great guy and teacher. makes class very very fun. very recommended.
Really great teacher. He is on the top 100 of Who's Who in Aquatic Safety. Scuba class is great.
Scuba was my favorite class yet! He's nice and funny and not bad to look at! He should be the president of the school!
The class is awesome, lab is great, lecture is just lecture, not hard. Doesn't like to give A's but if you work hard you'll get one! Have to get used to his humor, it can be offending if you don't! Overall interesting course.
Excellent professor. And on the hotness scale....10+++
Great guy, very funny...Tests come straight from book...Tells it how it is...
Great guy, but not as easy as it sounds, but he makes it fun. Lots of funny stories.
Great sense of humor
hes the best
Harold made sure you got what you paid for. The lectures were never a waste of time. You bought a 200 textbook for class? Well you'll be reading every page. He was an amazing guy and being in class with him was a privilege. Rest in Peace Professor Daniel.
Great professor! He makes it very clear what is expected of you. He is also my advisor and is always helpful.
Dr. Daniel has experience in his field, and is a VERY knowledgeable person. He is fascinating to learn from, and will help you if you ask. Great course too, very interesting stuff that every business major should know!
Fantastic professor. Best in the UMaine business school. An asset to the university.
I had Dr. Daniel for 3 classes and I though he was great. I can not believe that anybody would find fault with him. He teaches real world examples that I have used over and over again in my career. Thank you.
I don't know where all these negative reviews are coming from, but I found this class very enjoyable! Professer Sutcliffe is very helpful with her criticism and puts a lot of effort to grade all assignments fairly. She's approachable, friendly, and I got alot out of the class and saw improvement in my work. Would definately take other classes!
She encouraged hard work and lively discussion in critique.
Nina was a good teacher, contrary to what the other people say here. If you listened to her critques you might just learn something. My drawing improved 100% in this class. I would definatley take her again.
Andy is one of the best professors i've ever had! She is so kind and caring and gives amazing feedback. As long as you show up put in effort you'll do great. Be open to change and feedback and your projects will turn out awesome.
Great prof! Very concerned with helping her students succeed. She's a sweetheart, very reasonable expectations. This class made me think about design in lots of new ways! But you need to put in the effort.
Andy is so smart and funny. She'll keep trying until you get it. Every class was well-worth coming to!
A great professor who was very helpful when it came to getting work done. Very understanding. I would take my next preceptorial with her in a heartbeat!
Hey Andy, its me Stephanie. I promised I would come on here and give you a chili pepper - and i finally did! and you deserve it for having the best hair in the art department.
Professor van Wallendael is a tough but caring person. Her exams are hard, so they require a lot of studying. She gives interesting lectures and wants to help her students succeed. She has strict policies but only to be fair to every student. I enjoyed her class despite the difficulty.
I took research methods over the summer and while it was a LOT of work (an assignment due every day except saturdays) as long as you read the text, watch the lectures, and take good notes you should be good. I never made less than a C on all the tests and the assignments are easy/straight-forward!
This course on PSYC Research Methods is made easy by Dr. Wallendael. The course covers 14 chapters, but there are now 13 chapters since she skips chapter 9. I would recommend having her as my teacher again. Make sure you understand the main concepts in the textbook, study every day, and don't cheat. Ask for help when needed.
She clarifies what see expects of you, so there are no surprises. As long as you take the class seriously read the textbook, and watch her video lectures you shouldn't have a hard time in her class. She responds relatively fast to emails, and will try her best to answer your questions. Fair amount of assignments with the have the same due date
If theres one thing you need in this class, its structure. Th syllabus tells you everything you need to know. Read the textbook. She easy to approach and has office hours weekly. Shes also really open to helping explain something on quizzes/tests during those office hours. Dont fall behind in the class.
I've had two classes with this prof, both online. In both classes, every quiz/test was proctored through respondus lockdown browser, which is quite annoying. Still, the material on the quizzes and tests are extremely predictable, as long as you read the textbook you won't slightly struggle. As well, you get 3 tries each quiz, so very forgiving.
Prof. Van Wallendael is a very good teacher. She knows what she's talking about and explains things very well in her pre-recorded lectures. Attendance wasn't taken but watch lectures each week and take the quizzes for them or you will not pass. Read the textbook as well, it isn't too hard. Make sure to always do packback!!!
If you can take her for this class, please do so. She was very well organized and her canvas page was very easy to use. There was a lot of assignments but they were pretty simple. For example, one of the assignments all you had to do was submit a photo. She breaks the inquiry project down into steps which helped a lot! Awesome professor.
At first, the amount of assignments and regulations does seem overwhelming. However, if you stick to the schedule she prescribes you with you will definitely pass easily. She gives you plenty of resources so that you won't have difficulty learning the material and there are enough assignments that doing bad on one exam won't tank your grade.
Professor Lori is a cool teacher. She rather soothing when she speaks which made me fall asleep first 2 weeks. Other than that she talks the majority of the class, gets us to participate in groups and give out homework at a decent pace. I took her online class which was too much work and reading. Book require but for extra info.
The bulk of the work is online and you can easily find the answers, not a hard class and an Easy A. She is blunt and doesn't have time to deal with every single student.
Dr. Van Wallendael is a great professor. Didnt know what to expect but it was an interesting class. 50% online and lecture once a week with 5 ques clicker quiz. Online work isnt hard but time consuming to keep up with. Offers extra cred which is great. Recommend class.
50% Online Class lectures once a week + MyPsychLab. Dr VanWallendael is clear about expectations. Attendance important due to clicker quizzes. Keep up w/reading, PsychLab exams & media assignments. Unit tests rough - timed & on 4-5 chapters. Really liked Dr VW, she helps you try to make a good grade. Take time to do extra credit assignments!
She will make you work to earn an A but its all worth it. She is amazing. I learned a lot.
Online Tests!
LOVE Dr. Van Wallendael! She really is THE BEST professor in the Psych department at UNCC. She made the history of Psych so interesting, and I really enjoyed coming to class. This was the 2nd time I had her! She posts her lectures on moodle, but coming to class really gives you that A+. Optional paper to make an A in the class, but so easy.
BEST teacher in the Psychology Department. She is very clear on what is expected, test come straight from notes and attendance and the book is not required. I will definitely be taken more of her classes.
Pretty easy. She lectures from ppts which are available online, so attendance is not mandatory. Don't buy the book, I never touched it and made an A. No papers or projects, but extra credit is available. Class can be a little boring sometimes, but at least she's passionate about the topic. Also you get to watch movies in class!
easiest teacher ever, everything is online, dont buy the book, you only use it for some extra credit, study notes online and know the answers to the practice exam, been to class 4 times all semester and i have a 93
Extremely Organized...PowerPoints on the web, with practice tests and extra credit. All the practice test questions are on the actual exam...go to class and read the book<--it's interesting!
Very Interesting class & she's very helpful!!! You get to watch cool movies & the test's are not very hard! TAKE HER!
I loved Dr. VanWallendael. I had her for this class and Human Cog, she puts her notes online and has an easy format for test (fill in the blank and MC). If you miss a test she does not ask for excuses she just wants to know when you want to make it up....Escellent!!
I had Dr. Van for several classes and she always made the subject matter interesting.
Great teacher! If you don't feel like going to class, then you don't have to. But, she is very interested in the history of psychology, so its awesome to listen to her talk about it! I would highly recommend her, tests are easy if you study, mostly just knowing people and what they did! Tons of extra credit! I would take her again, and I am.
I really enjoyed her class. She is very helpful and the notes are online. Go to class and study and you will do great. She is very nice and easy to talk with. I would definitely take her again.
She is the best of the best. Anything you need she is there. All notes online so if you dont like going to class then don't. She also goes out of town so class is cancelled more often than most classes. She is very enthusiastic and loves her class and students
boring class..b/c info is online (power point) but definately an easy A if u read notes online and portions of book...offers extra credit!!!!
Very easy for His/Sys a little harder for Cog Psyc
A great teacher. . .likes to have other people come and teach. Watch out because that material will be on the test.
I love this teacher!!! Always smiling, enjoyed her class a lot. Very Helpful and understanding. I would take any class that she is offering.
boring class, but not hard. extra credit
wonderful teacher-cares about students and only tries to make life easier not more difficult than it already is. Doesnt try to trick you,and very nice.
Boring, boring, boring. But an easy teacher. No need to go to class, she puts info on the web. Easy!!
She is an excellent professor. Very smart and helpful! She is truly one of the department's finest! I highly suggest taking her classes!
shes real cool...gives you the notes you neeed to study
dont ever go to class...study her online notes night before test and get an A
Helpful, very intelligent! Greta personality
Very sweet, intelligent, and kind- hearted!
Great! If you needed help with anything, she was there with a smile.i
He is a great instructor. He throws good amount of assignments and can be overwhelming but he is very helpful during weekly drill if you ever get stuck. I've learned a lot and really liked the class.
He's a great teacher. HW and tests are extremely difficult. You really have to know your stuff. I've been told, nobody really knows what's going on in this class but if you just plow through it you should be fine...I now feel the same way.
One word: Baller
Fuuny, knowledgeable, trivia king
I took this class to fulfill my history and cultural change requirement and wasn't expecting to enjoy it so much. He's really engaging and super knowledgeable. Also, if you couldn't make it to class, he posts videos of every lecture on canvas so you can keep up. He's genuinely a nice guy and I couldn't recommend his classes enough.
Hist104 was an asynchronous class. There were two lectures every week which Professor White packed them full of content to the point where I paused the lecture every 5 seconds to take down notes. The essays are not hard as if you watch the lectures you will do good. The only thing was the quizzes which were out of ten points. He is great!
Owen white is great, his class was very easy as long as you pay attention and was very understanding. He is super passionate about what he is teaching.
Dr. White is very funny and hardworking. He is very passionate about what he teaches. You need to go to class in order to do well on exams, his lecture isn't posted anywhere. He's not an especially tough grader
Two exams (non cumulative). The midterm exam has one essay and the final has two. On exams there are also IDs which are short paragraphs you need to write to describe a historical figure or key word. He gives the essay topics beforehand so you know what to study. Also one map quiz and two papers (based on two different books youll have to read).
He really makes the topics he's teaching interesting and is a pretty fair grader. He's also a super nice, funny, cool British guy who is really passionate about world history and it's just a great atmosphere to be surrounded by. However, be prepared to take a lot of notes or record his lectures.
Prof. White is one of the best professors I've had in my collegiate experience. He is incredibly knowledgable about the topics he teaches, and all the while offering some choice commentary in signature british wit. He expects you to read and contribute to class, and will not let you off the hook easily. So do the homework.
Pretty easy class. As long as you put in some work you can get an A. Professor White is very respectful and passionate about what he teaches. The only negative about this class is he doesn't post notes/powerpoints so you pretty much have to go to class for the notes, although attendance isn't necessary.
Professor White is AWESOME! His accent is great & even though it is a boring subject, I never lost too much interest. We had weekly readings which took some time, but it is a seminar so we didn't do much else. The biggest assignment is the long research paper which he is very willing to help with. I definitely recommend him.
Sweetest professor. Very helpful and clear. Two exams and a few easy quizzes. One paper. Not difficult. Reviews very well before exam. GO TO CLASS- you take at least five pages of notes and they are very helpful to have. Very funny and enjoyable. Definitely recommend him even though class is boring.
I have never seen any prof/teacher in my whole academic career with more respect for his students than Prof White. Despite his brilliance, he is very down-to-earth unlike so many other professors in the history dept. He has a great sense of humor and makes classes so interesting with his slides, music, etc. Basically, he's the man. Take his classes
VERY EASY CLASS....ONLY WENT TO GET THE VOCAB WORDS FOR THE EXAMS..MAY BE A LIL HARD TO STAY AWAKE BUT EASY B W/O EVEN TRYING
He knows his stuff and tries his hardest to make it interesting. Not many grades in the class, but tests(Essay-2) and papers(2) aren't all that hard.
Very clear lectures, although sometimes boring, but after all it is history. Seems very interested in what he teaches. He basically announces what will be on the exam before hand and grades papers leniently.
I learned so much from this class! He organizes his lectures in a way that helps you understand the mass amounts of material more easily. He shows film clips and pictures that help you put faces and images to the topics he discusses. He's funny, really intelligent, and has a cute British accent. And he's a really fair grader.
This course is really well organized. White balances themes and interpretations in his lectures and often uses helpful films to bring a period to life. Work is evenly spaced--perhaps a bit more demanding than other history classes at UD, but reasonable. Interesting assignments and straight-forward exams.
Great professor, plain and simple. Take him, he makes class fun and interesting, funny guy as well.
Best professor I've had here so far. I looked forward to class and I'm not a history major.
Owen White is the greatest professor at this university.
Great Prof, always available to discuss or help. Funny, informative lectures. Learned a lot.
His exams are 75% lecture. Take good notes, listen to what he says, and you will have no problem. He just wants to know if you listen and absorb what he is saying. GREAT GUY!
go to class for easy A. boring but easy
AWESOME CLASS!!! Cute British guy...easy A if go to class and take notes!
very knowledgeable and interesting, tests come right form lectures, very helpful
Great teacher, funny, extremely helpful, exams are a cakewalk if you take notes
Cute british guy makes history interesting, cute side jokes but take notes!
pretty funny guy, let's you know what is on the exams, unlike most teachers
Interesting Lectures, very funny guy, cute accent.
very ncie guy, lectures are interesting, neat British perspective and accent
Great class. Lectures/slides are interesting. He's very friendly.
Dr. M is a very nice man. Always has time for his students. a very unique sense of humor! He makes you think. if you like multi-choice test and dont like to think, do not take him. If you are a bio major, very good teacher...you really LEARN the material
Dr. Mellichamp is a very smart men! Don't listen to anyone that feels differently! His test are not hard, they make you think! Anyone one that thinks his test are hard either have NO COMMON SENSE or just didn't try at all!
Dr. M is one of the best teachers at UNCC. Look below and every one of the ratings were by FRESHMAN. He teaches you to THINK. Very knowledgable and helpful. you ask him a qqestion and he makes you realize you already know the answer. He's awesome!
very good
One of the best teachers at the UD. Also a great advisor. Some of the earlier raters seem to talking about another professor. Or these students must have been hung over when they went to their advisor meetings.
Dr. Palley was a very good professor, and I learned a lot in her class. Her lectures were interesting and very easy to follow, especially since she put an outline on the board prior to class. As long as you show up to class and do all of the assigned work you will be fine.
Excellent teacher. Readings are directly related to the exams and papers. Anyone who can not follow her syllabus and get at least an A- should not be in college
phantastic prof, very intelligent
Great advisor. Knows the subject matter. Wimps need not apply.
Great professor
Professor Whit Meyer, Knows his material. He can take a very complicated theory and break it down so you can understand. If you fail his class its because you never attended. He has a sense of humor that makes him approachable. I wish all my classes were with him.
One of the BEST professors at UNCC. The subject itself is not easy, but he explains it really well and makes it easy to understand! He doesn't check attendance, but you need to go to class to understand the material and he collects hw every class. I'm really bad at math, but received an A in the class.
This man needs a raise! He is very helpful and kind. He is an amazing professor and definitely knows his material. By far one of the greatest professors I've had in my student career. I definitely recommend taking a course offered by him. Material in Sociological Theory can be dry at times but he definitely knows how to make it interesting!
2 page summaries due each week and 3 tests u can have 2 pages of notes for each test and there is a book paper 6-8 pages long its easier than u think and for the summaries u type things that dont make sense and u still get credit for it he is a awesome guy he is the BEST sociological theory teacher
Whitmeyer is awesome. I took Quant with him over the summer and loved it so he gave me an override into Theory. The 2 page summaries are easy and his tests are straight forward. I was able to type up all my notes on my one page cheat sheet for the tests. So it's just a matter of looking back to find the answers. Take both classes with him!
Not bad for math... Material is dry and lectures can get boring. Doesn't require attendance and all HW is posted on moodle, only a few questions each time. Allowed to bring 1 sheet of notes to -easy- and not long tests. I hate math and I'm usually horrible at it, but I have a 98.6 so far! RECOMMEND!!
I took this class over summer session hoping it would be a bit easier and I am so glad I did. He's the best math teacher I've had in a long time. I absolutely hated statistics but after this course, I feel confident with it. He is really helpful and explains things very well. PLEASE take a class with him!
LOVE THIS PROFESSOR. Took him for Social Theory and for Quant. He makes things easy to understand and grades his tests by what you know, not just if you got the answer correct. He really loves his students and is always willing to help. One of the best professors I have ever had. I always recommend him!
Whitmeyer was a really great professor. You watch 6 movies and write just a simple 2 page paper on them. The tests are easy as long as you review your study guide and read the book. Also the final exam is no cumulative and is multiple choice. He has a sense of humor which keeps class interesting.
I was so scared to take Quantitative Analysis since I am terrible at math. He took the steps slow, let us ask questions and was always there to help. Exams are straight forward and easier than the practice problems. Also lets you use a one page cheat sheet and open book. Great guy, I highly recommend
WOW! He saved me.. I failed Quant once before and I'm in his class now and its like a whole new subject. He does everything he can to make you understand the material. I wouldnt take it as a elective or anything but if its req. YOU BETTER TAKE HIM!!!
If you have to take Quantitative Analysis, you have to take Prof. Whitmeyer. He breaks everything down into easy steps. He also has a sense of humor (can't help but to laugh at his sometimes corny jokes) which makes the long class bearable. Great professor!!!
Great teacher who makes Ph.D.-level Quantitative Methods understandable. Goes out of his way to be helpful!
He will make you think. But if you want a challenging class and a teacher that will makes you laugh you definatley should take him. Class consists of 8 homework assignments, and one oral for the final. NO TESTS!! Great professor, I definately recommend him!
whitmeyer is great- he has this dry humor that is so hilarious, you'll love his class
Challenging class, but great professor! He cleared up any confusion about the very hard readings. Text is not useful, so be sure to go to class (although no attendence required).
While not the easiest of teachers, this guy is definitely one of the more interesting professors out there. Class is challenging, but he does his best to make things clearer. The essay tests are not so tough if you take notes on everything he says. A lot of papers but they were leniantly graded.
This professor clears up confusion about the very difficult readings that we have to do. You actually learn something after leaving this class each day. He gives activities here and there and really helps you understand them. Haven't had a test yet but so far so good.
Great teacher!!! Easy to understand and very helpful. Highly recomended!
makes potentially boring material very interesting!
One of the better Profs I've had. Has knowledge of material and cares.
amazing professor! his lectures are extremely easy to follow and he shows funny videos in class! he's also extremely approachable and answers emails quickly.
Great professor! Take his class.
Great lectures. I really enjoyed his class. The only thing is that the 3 tests are based off of what he SAYS in the lectures. They are really specific so it's difficult to do well if you don't study. But there are 3 essays assigned which are easy As
Mackenzie is one of the coolest professors I've had. Super funny and definitely a smart guy. His lectures can be boring and he kinda rambles and his accent is sometimes hard to understand. Pretty much everything is graded by your TA so he really has no part in your grade (Easy A). Cancels class every so often. Definitely take him for 102!
He mainly teaches through lectures but you can always count on watching a hilarious, non-related video at some point during class. The dude absolutely makes your day! The tests are 25 questions and multiple choice, aren't too bad if you study.
Very funny professor and seems like a nice guy, highly recommend his evolution of warfare class was very interesting.
Awesome professor. He's hilarious, and greatly uses movie clips as a visual aid. For example, he has used Monty Python and Army of Darkness, so these aren't exactly dry clips. For a 300 level history class, his expectations on essays are pretty modest. Two essay tests, one 10 page research paper. He's a bit picky about grammar and spelling.
Took MacKenzie for both Evo of Warfare II(397) and War & Euro Society(376). Both classes were by far the best history classes I have had at this school. He is extremely knowledgeable and is always willing to help you. You will have one 12 page paper, and 2 or 3 exams consisting of one essay question each.
TAKE HIM!!! He is awesome and very easy! Don't worry...you still learn stuff, but he is just so cool that you do not even realize that you are learning!!!! Great sense of humor and a wonderful accent. For every point he makes, he has a short clip from one of numerous interesting films to enforce it.
Easy class!!! If you show up and pay attention it's an easy A. Don't buy the Tosh book though, you'll never use it.
I was really surprised by how much I enjoyed the class. The way he talks takes some getting used to since he pauses so much, but the class was really interesting and one of the few I liked going to. Easy tests if you take good notes in class. The discussion section was the hardest part b/c the TAs all have something to prove and grade way to harsh.
He makes this class so easy. The term paper isn't much of a problem and he will do anything he can to help.
Very easy teacher, as long as you go to class. Also interesting and funny. He will definitely work with you if you're having problems.
Fun to listen to. Easy class for History Majors.
Wonderful teacher! Brilliantly funny & easy to get along with ... does anyone else think he looks like Mr. Shefield from "The Nanny"? Great professor!
Very funny teacher, isn't as hard as some.
The course on International Trade is a high level course at the Graduate Center. Dr. S. is a kind, genial gentleman, who has worked in International Trade for many years and is an icon in the field. The works involves heavy analysis and presentations of research papers which grants the freedom to learn on your own, and class powerpoints on theory.
great teacher. i was personally very motivated by what i learned in his class.
Awesome teach.
I heart Yochanan. What more is there to say? He's the reason I majored in Econ.
great
Prof Sil is easily one of the best professors at Penn.
Rudra Sil is one of the best professors on campus. You are bound to like political science if you took a class with Rudra Sil.
This is an awesome prof. Funny, clear, and incredibly informative. I wasn't sure about this class when I signed up but it turned out to be my favorite class.
excellent
Prof. Sil is by far the best prof I've had at Penn. I've no idea what the person who made the 11/22 comment was smoking. The lectures are great, he's funny, and the class totally changed the way I think about the world. I highly recommend this prof.
he was really sweet and made me feel like he wanted me in the class unlike other teachers.
He is great! Soccer is the devil's sport.
If you manage to take him and his twisted world views with a grain of salt, Batkay is the man. He's entertaining and very sarcastic, loud and swears a lot, but he keeps his students on the edge of their seats and you might actually learn something. I really don't respect half of his opinions, but still a great professor.
He is one of the most knowledgable Professor in his field- spits out informative and interesting facts without any hesitations every single class. Attendance is mandatory with him! Amazing guy; have a great sense of humor- you either like him or don't; I LOVED HIM!If you find yourself hating somebody that is sarcastically blunt in their humor- avoi
great guy somestuff is true(gum,yawning) dosent hate anyone as long as you are polite love this proffesor is easy to talk to and is a devils fan LETS GO DEVILS JUST A GREAT GUY THAT LOVES THE TOPIC HAD HIM FOR 100 AND 400 LEVAL CLASSES
hes great. hillarious, easy, and always speaks his mind. he usually has a close connection to most of his students, and takes a good amount of class time chit-chatting. never a dull moment. you'll want to go to his class, no matter how tired you are!
There is a reason why many people take him for two or three semesters in a row, and why his upper level classes are 99% consistent of people who had him atleast once or twice before. He is an awsom professor, take him you wont regret it.
Dr. Batkay is the very best there is at Montclair State University :-)
The best professor at MSU. He's a caring, kind unimaginably intelligent man. He's funny and wacky, jaded by years of teaching under an incompetent (and I'm being nice here) administration. Everything from the quizzes/exams comes right from the readings so just do them. Take whatever he teaches, you'll be glad you did.
A very helpful, intelligent, and funny human being. He is truly the master of Pedagodgy. He is the best professor at MSU, hands down.
BATKAY ROCKS MY SOCKS!!! He is by far one of the best professors I have had on this campus, and I have had many. He is zany and wacky, but in a good way. Only two tests the ENTIRE semester and some small 10 question true-false quizes. He will insult everyone and that is what makes him great. He will also help you on a personal level if you need it.
This guy is great!! Not only does he make Aristotle somewhat interesting, but he is able to keep the class awake. His class is not too much work, do the readings and you will be fine. His exams are very fair and his papers and quizzes are easy. People who fail this class are either really dumb or just lazy. TAKE HIM HES AWESOME!!! :O)
Tremendous prof.Im sick of hearing people **** about this guy.If he told you that you're stupid, you probably are!He is very real & that frightens people.He expects you to be there to learn not to be disruptive.Those immature frosh will be intimidated & will probably not excel.His exams are tough but he is fair.VERY helpful if you are serious.
Batkay is the kind of guy you could expect to meet in a bar and shoot the sh*t with.He is very intelligent, but not an overbearing know it all.The man could be a stand up comedian.You better have thick skin and a healthy sense of humor because he busts on everyone.And everyone busts on him to his face and he just laughs it off.Batkay is one cool gu
He's loud, obnoxious, and opinionated but he's a good teacher. Very fair, easy to pass if you come to class. Cancels class a lot (kind of a pain in the *** if you commute from far away). However, he is NOT for the faint of heart! If u cant handle off-the-wall comments, take someone else!
BATKAY IS THE MAN. He tells you like it is. also he is very un pc. He told someone to **** off and die in one of his classes its awesome.
Though we had trouble covering material during the semester, awesome class. Batkay helped me incorporate what I learned in his class into a paper for another class. He's always willing to help a student, and makes sure to recognize hard work. If you EVER take a PolSci course, take one of Batkay's
Long live Batkay!!! clear, hardworking, sometimes loud and never boring... if you take one professor at montclair, take batkay!
Batkay Rules! He's a great teacher who deserves credit for making things as interesting and enjoyable as possible. He helped keep my interest in classes that should have been totally boring. Long live Batkay and teachers like him!!
There were several quizzes, two exams and two papers for his class. The papers were short and the exams/quizzes were multiple choice. The questions are tricky, but they are not hard. His lectures are great, and he has a brilliant mind. Take any classes that he is teaching, he will not bore you.
He is great, a very nice guy too. Funny and loud but a great teacher. You will love this class.
The class is NOT easy the tests are damn near immpossible but he makes it fun. God have mercy on your soul if your cell phone goes off in class.
Nice guy, keeps the class awake by occasionally yelling about certain issues. You'll learn a lot. Study hard for exams, they're a little difficult.
The "shock jock" of professors, this man has a way of explaining his subjects and reaching his students. Controversial? Sure. But, will you LEARN SOMETHING? You bet! He's a classic and one that will definitely be missed, when he retires.
teaches us how to apply our very unclear major into useful info and techniques
Seems as if he's very intimidating, yet he's one of the nicest professor's at Montclair State. He grades very fairly and offers help all the time.
He is cool and keeps everybody interested.
Keeps you interested with his imflammatory remarks!
This guy is the best prof I've ever had. Very knowledgeable, approachable. Likes to assign 2-3 papers & midterm/final, both scantron. Exams are hard! Doesn't give out many A's, you must work hard. Don't interupt him! Highly Recommend!
My favorits teacher ever, and he is extremly smart in the field of political science. His door is always open you can go in there an talk to him about pretty much anything. Dr Batkay is a great teacher I definetly reccomend him
I had two courses and an IS with Dr. Batkay - he's a good guy and fun to be around. However, no matter who you are - you will work. I had to work my @$$ off to get an A. I would recommend his course to anyone. You will never be bored.
The best professor I have ever had; you want to think, you want to learn, than you take Batkay.
This class is ALOT of work. He can be boring at times but he is VERY straight forward in his directions about the research paper. You have 1 semester long research paper that he gives you clear directions, feedback, examples. 2 tests mult. choice and t/f questions-hard. Make flash cards and study. Go to class and follow these tips and get an A.
nice guy. lectures are boring. very hard tests but curves it. lots of weekly work to have done but makes your 20 page research paper eaiser to write.
Dr. Tedeschi is an absolutely wonderful instructor. He is great about answering any questions you may have in simple terms. Outside of class he is easy to talk to and willing to help with class work or just life in general. Attendance is not mandatory, but he will not be keen on helping if you don't come to class. Awesome class, learned a lot!
Read your textbook and go to class and this class is en easy A. If your one of those who doesn't like to do any work, then this prof. is not recommended. Good teacher, very interesting class.
It takes a while to get this man to exhibit "personality" but it is worth the wait. He is open to discussion and ready to listen and help if you need it. Lectures sometimes are sleep inducing but if you read the text and listen carefully he gives good hints for the exams. He is a good and kind man.
The best, most encouraging and caring professor on the grad faculty. ALWAYS makes time for students and never makes his students feel as if they are stupid. Dr. Tedeschi is a very genuine person and professor!
Attendance is mandatory (will lose points if you are out). A lot of reading and note taking but if you do the study guide, go to study session, and take notes on the readings you will get an A. Final exam was tough...pay attention to Experiments mentioned in last reading.
easy teacher, easy A
Good teacher. Just read and use the study guides and you will do fine. Very nice guy. Attendance is mandatory though
=)
Very well organized and a good lecturer. Overall the class was great. Sucked that missing one day of class to actually participate in a movement for social change hurt my grade.
If you took Johnston for 410, expect more of the same in 450. He is such an enthusiastic professor! Study guides really help on the exams. I thought this class was a little easier than 410.
Excellent professor! Hold your attention and makes the subect interesting. You have to go to class, but that keeps you doing well in his class. He types the notes with you and you just copy them down. If you do that and pay attention you'll get an A for sure! Definitely one of the best classes I've had at State!
Dr. Johnston is a wonderful teacher. He is very enthusiastic about his subject! He takes attendance every day. He gives great outlines to copy. Study sessions are also very helpful as you are given a study guide for the test. Highly recommended!!!
class is boring as hell. he tries to be entertaining, doesn't always work. go to class and you'll pass. notes are study guides no reason to read books. he goes over everything. take him for an easy A, just remember your starbucks or redbull b4 class!
What can I say Prof. Johnston is awesome. Attend all class mtgs, do readings & questions (5 quest. you have on readings), 3 exams, 2 quizzito's & 1 Final. BUT !!!!! you gotta participate for him to notice you.
Great teacher and very interesting class. As long as you go to class and do the readings, you'll do fine. His notes are very organized, and even the reading is interesting.
awesome teacher...you actually learn something and its not hard at all...tests are all from lecture...interesting class
The class is great! He's a very animated guy who keeps the class interesting. Enjoys and respects his students' questions and comments in class. As long as you attend class and do the readings you'll do fine.
EVERYTHING is in the notes, show up= get a good grade
i looove this class! he's very interesting. test is on notes he writes on board
Really cares about his students
Rest in Peace Dr. Pershing. The world is a darker place for having lost you.
Jana is a great professor. I took the Teaching Sociology course a year and a half ago and loved it. Challenging, but rewarding. Jana is the most organized professor I've ever had. She really cares about the classes she teaches and her students. I learned a lot from the class. I also learned what kind of professor I want to become.
I'm really glad I got a chance to take her course before she left. I left lecture everyday really thinking about the material. Attendance was mandatory, but class was interesting enough to enjoy being there. She will be missed.
amazing professor, well versed in subject matter. fun class!
Tests are hard, but this is the most interesting class I have ever taken. She is a great prof. and is so organized and well prepared. I would take this class again with Pershing (very smart prof.). Lectures are so interesting!
Norma is really sweet. With only 3 exams and a single research paper, everything is worth a lot of points. As long as you keep up with the lectures, you don't need a textbook. Pop quizzes at the beginning of class are counted for extra credit only, so try not to miss class. Exams are easy if you study the lectures!
I'm really interested in the family so I found the class to be really interesting. It is a class that you must read the book, but the book is pretty interesting. As long as you do the reading you will get a good grade. The lectures mostly review the reading and are open for discussion. She was well informed and very nice.
Excellent teacher. She cares, and she actually reads your papers. You don't have to grovel for a grade because she respects your opinions, and she respects you as a person. If you put forth the effort, she shows her appreciation. Among the best on the faculty. Recommended if you are serious. Otherwise, take a grad student's class.
Great Class! Her entry to the classroom reminds me of something from a wild west saloon fight, but it wakes everyone up. And that's a good thing.
Some students are frustrated by the freedom which the teacher gives them. They mistake it for vagueness and disorganization. I appreciated her encouragement to take risks. If you want to be spoon fed formulas for hollow, automatic A's,take another class
Great Teacher. Willing to help. Go to class.
she's great at explaining the assignments and giving feedback!
My favorite teacher so far, one of the nicest people you'll ever meet!
easy class, she makes class very interesting and wothwhile
Loved her class on Race and Poetry. She is one of the most hands on professors at a big school that I've ever had. Just show up to class prepared, make sure to read the poems and participate in class and you'll do fine. If you need help she's always happy to meet with you and work on papers or concepts. She doesn't tolerate apathy.
This was an amazing class. You will have to work hard for an A, but you will learn a lot in the process. Pereira is one of the best teachers I have ever had, and I highly recommend her.
She is great!! There is alot of reading in this class, but if you go to class you will get at least a B or an A on the test with out ever reading the book. She offers alot of extra credit pts. It was a great class, lots of fun, and very intresting. Pretty easy class!
A brilliant and distinguished professor. Highly recommended.
very easy! i read none of the books, and still made a B! just go to every class, she goes over EVERYTHING on the test!! take her, very nice, very smart, and kinda cute for an "older" (but not really old!!) professor!
Wow. The greatest teacher. Smart, provokative, knows her stuff and helps you know it too! KIND and UNDERSTANDING! What a great teacher and what a great person. Always upbeat and smiling. Just a positive and refreshing course!!! THANK YOU!
Dr. Pereira is exciting, fun and intelligent. I love her class. Students who don't read the books or come to class will not get good grades, but that's their problem!
Dr. Pereira is one of the most challenging professors I have ever had. She is also the most supportive and is willing the help you any way she can. This class is, however, not an easy "A". You have to be willing to log in the man hours.
Absolutely loved her class. As long as you go to class and read for detail it's an easy A. If you need L or C goal, don't pass this opportunity up!
This is a great teacher. She dresses to kill everyday. She speaks clearly and as long as you pay attention and read the material you will not have any problems. She listens to everyone's opinion without biases and always gives you something to think of
awesome class.watch out for grammatical errors in papers though!
Fantastic. Extremely smart, wise, learned. I need to meet more people like her.
My favourite professor at UMBC. Very lecture heavy, but he always makes them fun and interesting to listen to. The exams are super straight forward (just a bunch of multiple-choice questions), he always tells you exactly what's going to be on them, and he has practice tests for you to study.
I took geomorph and then fluvial with Dr. Miller. He goes above and beyond to make sure that you really understand the information. The course definitely requires you to work, but fluvial was my favorite class in GES. He's accessible outside of class and also willing to help with things outside of the course. I 100% recommend taking this.
Dr. Miller is a great professor, had him for 310 and then again for 400. He is lecture heavy and his classes are a bit harder, but I ended up learning the most from his classes. Def take fluvial morphology if you can, one of the best classes I've ever taken. Dr. Miller really cares about his students and does everything he can to help.
This class has intensely heavy exams, this past semester, for a whopping 75% of your grade. Studying for this class is straightforwards but just dense with information, so prepare to allocate plenty of hours outside of class.
Class is very lecture heavy and class participation is a big portion of final grade. The class overall is more work heavy but it is all EASY. The online quizzes do not count towards your grade but DO THEM, most questions on tests will be pulled directly from them. Prof. Miller is amazing and really does what he can to help you succeed.
A good professor that was clear in his lectures that were sometimes boring, sometimes interesting. Have to come to class, because lectures have clicker questions and are major part of your grade. No homework, except like 5 learning modules that can be done in 10 minutes. 3 Exams that are like the non-graded online quizzes he posts.
Dr. Miller is great! Make sure you go to class because he does incorporate clicker questions, that will impact your grade. He is very helpful and answers questions throughout class. If you go to class, take the online quizzes, and review the the course material theres no way you should get a grade less than a B!
Patient, clear, helpful, approachable, and a passionate professor. Many people found this class boring, but that is because they had no interest in the subjects of matter. The exams are based upon ungraded practice quizzes. Easy to get an A, yet you can learn a lot. Miller is one of my favorite professors at UMBC thus far. Highly recommend.
If you have a serious interest in hydrology, you will learn a great deal from this class. Be prepared for lengthy and challenging assignments and exams that will make you want to chop your hand off. That being said, this class is very fulfilling and Dr. Miller will ensure that you learn as much as possible.
Great professor! Dr. Miller offers a ton of reading material, videos, websites, etc. online for students interested in geography. I've never had a professor who takes the time to put together so much extra material! Fast grader and good with keeping students updated through e-mail. Exams are practically identical to online practice quizzes.
I had Dr. Miller for Physical Geography this past semester- I thought he was fantastic! His tests are fair, and he makes class worth going to by using powerpoints and animations to help explain harder to grasp concepts. He posts all materials on blackboard. There are 3 exams, about 12 online quizzes, and 4 learning modules. Highly recommended!
This was an awesome class. The material was rather challenging at times. Some of the projects can be a little tedious (no project will take "20 minutes"!). But Dr. Miller is an excellent professor. Lectures are well prepared. Nah the exams aren't That bad. Join study groups- will help tremendously.
Andy Miller is pretty much the man. He teaches an interesting subject and his lectures are well prepared. You won't like or understand the class if you haven't the slightest care for the sciences. If you have trouble in the class he will go to great lengths to help you out.
perfect for busy students. Very organized & all assignments online (except exams) Same schedule every week. Short text readings. Hes very kind, knowledgeable & passionate about the subjects and for students like me who work full time you dont have to go to class but it definitely is worth showing up when U can! Especially the day before the exams
Professor Hansen is a great instructor. Because of him, I learned a lot about computer. There are lot of things to do ( SAM project, weekly quiz, exam), but he is willingly to help you.
The class is very hard,But he will be there to help anytime you need, Even at 9:30 at night . He truly cares about every last one of the people in his class! He is great . Learned alot.
Hansen is a great teacher instructions are clear as day if you fail this class then I don't know how you able to make it through the day. The exams are long and you do have to study but its not difficult. I would def recommend him. The callas is boring what you expect from ID class tho.
His assignments are pretty reasonable and he is very helpful with getting them done if a bit long winded. He doesn't lecture about the subject very much in class.
Truly an exceptional instructor. Absolutely one of the best instructors I have ever had and I have been doing this student stuff for a long time...
Helpful and available. His classes are worth the time and money. He adds value to the class.
Good ole Rick is a fan of some great literature. Interesting approach on reading some of the classics and does a great job of introducing different writers, genres. He's a little finicky on writing assignments but was always willing to help/criticize.
knows so much! lots of petty work
miss her so much <3 donna toma and her coffee
Friendly professor with a different teaching technique, which is not that suitable for those who are not capable of taking notes without a visual aid.
OMG! She is one of the BEST PTLs Rutgers has. Her class rocks. Why isn't she teaching in the fall?
All of you complainers are ridiculous....this class is INSANELY easy....if u didn't get an A, or at least a high B, u should seriously re-consider your major.....cuz if u can't handle toma (who's one of the easiest...and NICEST in the department), give up now......and yes, i sat in the front, try it.....might help you get an A....
This is college ppl.Nothing comes easy.Shes a good teacher.N life nuttin is ever handed to you bcuz if it was it wouldnt be worth having.stop ****in n study damn it.How would u guys know if she was a ****,i mean have u slept with her?u guys are STUPID.If u got an A on the exam u wouldn't b complain.[This is coming from a person n the front row]
I really liked her. She was fun and gave a pretty solid picture of the material during lecture.
Toma is the****!
great professor... most entertaining in adolescent development. Even tho I heard that she is great with intro-psy. Tons of funny stories and makes the learning experience very easy.
I had her in the summer and I didn't talk but I got an A...other ppl got annoying and her midterm was impossible. She gave 5 pts extra credit on her final which was insanely easy because i didn't even study. Overall good exp.
dr. toma's class is very useful as well as easy to follow. she's an amazing woman. def take this class even if ur not a pysch major.
A++++++. Dr. Toma is one of the nicest, most helpful, and most interesting professor at Rutgers University and wow she sure loves her coffee. Take any course with her, you will surely not regret it.
Best teacher ever! She's so kind and is willing to help ANYONE with any problems. Makes class fun with her outgoing personality. Take her class, shes great!
shes a great teacher. class is actually interesting and shes really funny. exams are easy and if u go to class ans take notes you'll definately get an A.
This class was so easy. You have to be a moron not to get an A. All you have to do is go to class and take notes and there is no need to read the book. One of the easiest classes I have ever taken.
Easiest psych class ever. Must have full set of notes for exams. One complaint: Her overpowering cologne gave me a headache three rows back.
I bought a semester pack from First Class notes, memorized the details, and aced the class. If you can't understand ramblings and take good notes, pay someone else to :)
This class is SO easy to get an A it's ridiculous. You just need to do one of two things: A) Go to class B) Buy a semester pack from First Class Notes. Her exams questions are literally her words from class, verbatim. Anyone who didn't get an A or B obviously didn't bother to get notes.
gotta luv those boots :)
DR.TOMA...YOU ROCK...KEEP DRINKING COFFEE. THE MORE YOU DRINK THE BETTER YOUR CLASSES GET!I WISH EVERY CLASS AT RUTGERS CAN BE LIKE THIS ONE
best professor i ever had! class isnt boring at all..shes extremely interesting, has lots of energy, and makes class go by quickly! definitely take her...just go to class
Dr. Toma is a one woman show. Class is actually entertaining, and I wasn't looking at my watch every 5 minutes out of boredom. Decent material, easy exams. She is a brilliant prof.
She is an Awesome prof. Her exams are easy. You don't have to read the book cause everything comes from her notes, but you have to show up to class and take a lot of notes (especially pay attention to the stats). She is interesting and funny! EASY A
Never went to class...don't need to...funny professor + easy exams = chillen semester
toma is lazy. don't bother going to office hours bc she wouldn't show up. but if you are going to take adol dev you have to take it with her. you learn alot of interesting**** and the exams are really easy.
GREAT wonderful professor. Take good notes and you will be fine. First class notes could be real helpful if you can't make it to busch everytimes.
Interesting, real-life experience. Totally down to earth. Totally neurotic but so cool! Her boots are HARD CORE. Go just to see them.
if you go to class you will get an A. exams are not hard at, it's all straight for the notes. if you don't go to class buy your notes and you will still get an A
love her class, she is great, very interesting and extremely funny!The exams are easy as well, there are no trick questions, she tests you for what you know, not for what you don't know!read the book and go to class(it's fun)
great class, great lectures, easy exams. go to class and you won't have to study once to get a good grade on the exams. she's fair and interesting. no tricks, no surprises. TAKE THIS CLASS!
easily the nicest and best teacher I ever had at Rutgers. Her tests are only on stuff that she goes over in class, so you really don't need the text-book if you take good notes. Great lectures, makes you laugh and learn at the same time.- TAKE THIS CLASS
This woman will make everyone change their major to psychology. She encompasses what a professor should be.
wonderful teacher! i can't even begin to explain how kind this woman is and understanding. she wil bedn over backwards for you and genuinly cares about each student. her lectures are fun and interesting. take her if you can!
she's amazing, very approachable. Shes the perfect proffesor because she's easy, and you learn a lot. Definitly take her.
good teacher.Although exams are easy,u learn lot in her class.lectures are Never boring.Don't need textbook,just take good notes. sometimes has interesting discussions. Makes effort to get to know each student that participates. remembers ur names!
the class is awesome! Take This Class! I loved it.
She is one of the most wonderful, helpful, professors I have ever had. She need to be made full-time. I guess Rutgers is afraid she'll put some of their SORRY PROFESSORS to shame.
Too bad she's not full-time. You couldn't get better than this.
Wonderful professor. One of the best. Lectures straight from the book. Exams are straightforward and EASY!Very approachable too!!
She is one of the coolest professors in Rutgers!! She is helpful, sweet, charming and absoutely adorable!! I learned alot in her course!! If only she taught more courses, I would have taken them all. Her tests were from easy to fair!! A true RU treasure!
If you never take another class at rutgers take this one. She's the best prof ever!!!@!
The Best Professor I've ever had, Interesting and her tests are so easy that I actually LAUGHED. She also teaches pretty much out of the book, so u dont have to read it all that much...her class is just so much fun!!!!
incredibly helpful. great with office hours.
i thought she was a wonderful teacher..VERY easy going & ALWAYS willing to help!
great teacher. i enjoyed the class very much
Excellent teacher. definitely not hard if you do the work. does his best to teach the class and genuinely cares.
Great professor; really knows his stuff. If you study you will get an A (my grade was 97% and that included about 15 online quizzes, a midterm and a final).When I took the class there was always a group of idiots who said it was hard but they're the losers who pay for private school and then claim to not have money for the text book. Great class
excellent professor
This guy great...funny, entertaining, tells really interesting stories about field work he's done. Test are not really that hard...all multi choice. Totally worth your time.
You don't any any better that this guy!!!
Professor Calhoun is not the easiest I have ever had but he is one of the most interesting and funny. He has a way of teaching you and you don't even realize you have been taught. His test are not nearly as hard as he wants you to think they are, but studying does help. He's not kidding when he tells you to read the book. You will fail if you don't
Dr. Calhoun is Definitely the best Prof I've had. Had him for a bunch of classes and can see where some would find him hard, but as long as you read at least some of what he's assigned, because he uses lots of stuff from the text he didn't lecture on, you'll pull off @ least a B. if you have no sense of humor consider taking someone else.
Challenging and very interesting, recommended
he seems intimidating, but he is not -excellent prof!
I really learnt a lot from his class. He is good at creating more interesting things for students and motivating us to start our paper. Additionally, he is a really nice and knowledgable guy!!!
Great teacher for those of you who WILL do their reading and come to class.Very interesting man as well.You will learn a lot and he is very interesting,anything else written about him is probably from bitter people...
great, important class, nice, helpful prof
Excellent advisor
Excellent teacher. Knows his stuff. Very clear
You learn a great deal from her. She is great and will help you. She grades fairly and you earn your grade. No gimme grades. I respect Dr. Spector immensely.
Awesome professor! She knows her stuff. You have to work for your grade.
Great professor and very funny! If you try at all in his classes, there dosen't seem to be anything he won't help you with. Always available, but very busy. Best to make appointments.
Highly aware and intelligent professor. Hilarious, with strong political views, but by the end of the class has made you so aware of how we (and the govt) can screw up so much if we're not careful.
No book, but go to class if you want to do well and take great notes. He's a great professor I would HIGHLY recommend him, he's clear and interesting.
Fantastic lecturer who makes what should be a fairly dull subject completely riveting.
Taggart is the man, the class is all lectures + 3 exams. Lectures are entertaining and the exams are easy if you pay attention and take decent notes. Not to mention the man is hilarious
I am not a science person but Prof Taggart made me a big fan of biology! He knows his stuff and his lectures are always interesting! Write down every word of lecture and review before tests- you'll do great! Most of his tests are T/F and can sometimes be difficult. Be sure to go to class and review those notes! Take Taggart for ISB!
interesting!
I don't understand why he is rated so low. His work seemed to be easy, his Discussion Board posts took some time sometimes, but its all found in the book. One big project throughout the semester but bits and pieces are due throughout so you can't slack which is helpful. He also responded to emails well.
Good overview of job. Not sure what I want to go into but this helps that decision. Willing to talk about the industry.
Professor with real-world experience that provides a valuable different perspective into the industry. Project is similar to what you will experience in the workforce and frequent quizzes make sure you read the chapter and are able to participate in the discussion. Would take the class again!
Wonderful teacher. Unlike some of the staff, he actually works in the industry, and is very well-known. Because of this, he is able to teach students how to think like an IT professional. I left the class with a better understanding of how the IT industry works, despite having been in it for the last couple years.
Awesome. Very clear. Makes college fun and inspires me to head into a Computer Tech field career. Not bias at all. One of the best teachers in my college career. Most comm. college teachers don't care, but he does. I totally recommend his class if you want a successful life and career. The name is MacNEIL!!! Read the book, show up to class, ON TIME
BRILLIANT PROF! Years of experience in the field with customers and execs alike make him perfect for the class! He teaches real world experience and not any textbook BULL! Very Hard class, but it was WELL WORTH IT! just remember a couple things - its MacNEIL! And don't wait for the last day to start on group project!!
He is an amazing teacher! He is able to connect with his students and He has truly affected my life for the good. I wish all of my teachers were like this! I wouldnt have graduated without his direction!
if u do ur work u will learn. after taking a 400 level class at davenport i was glad to have had doug. Without him i wouldn't have graduated davenport. AWESOME AND WILL TEACH YOU EVRYTHING IF YOU LISTEN AND NOT HEAR WHAT HE IS SAYING
Not sure what class these folks were in but I think this was a great class. He knows his stuff, don't blow off homework.
Awesome class made you work for your grade learned alot
Hard tester, knows his subject. Work hard in this class!
He seems to know this stuff. Likes "A" students.
He teaches slow enough for you to understand, but fast enough so you don't get bored. More than willing to help before/after class, or stop in the middle of class to answer your questions. Gets a little confused with his work and has to back track sometimes, but a great professor nonetheless. Very helpful, fun and very kind. Top teacher for me.
Mr. Post is a great teacher, and a great guy as well (which seems to be pretty rare these days). He's extremely clear and breaks hard topics down into easy to understand concepts. Take him! He'll be one of the best teachers you'll ever have.
Excellent Profesor. Explanations are concise and you can learn the process of solving problems.
one of the best teachers I've seen, if you truely try - you won't fail, period. he is always willing to help you understand, he gives extra credit, tells you what's on the tests, and easy to get along with. smart guy - truely knows his stuff and is eager to help you learn as well
Very smart man. Surprisingly quick at doing math in his head too. He's not just somebody with a mental library of generic responses to generic problems. He is extremely knowledgeable in what he's teaching and explains the concepts as clearly as something like physics could be explained.
Mr. Post taught this difficult subject in a straight forward and clear manner. All questions from the class were answered clearly so most students understood! Exams were similar to the text and lectures, very fair. No surprises! Easy to talk to, very helpful. Recommended!
I'm jumping on the band wagon to say the best instructer at CC. Take him, ask questions..... He's a math/number freak(self proclaimed) His method of teaching is second to no one i know!!
I've had him for several classes. If you really want to understand what you are studying - take him for any courses you can. The best teacher I've had.
One of the finest instructors grcc has to offer. A little bit hard at times. Easy to understand. Wants to help students out. Very easy to get along with. Was my favorite at grcc.
Barton has been my favorite professor at UNCG so far. I could see where the class might be challenging for a non-history major, but if you love history and do the work, his classes are amazing. He keeps the lectures interesting and engaging, he loves discussion when someone asks a question, and he is very reasonable if you have a problem.
Amazing! This class literally helped me decide what I wanted to study. He's VERY helpful and teaches like an actual college history class where there are actually readings and papers. If your parents did the dishes for you growing up you'll hate this class but if you actually want to get better TAKE IT! TAKE IT NOW!!
Dr. Barton is a great professor. He genuinely cares about his students and it shows. He is always willing to help and is very patient and wants students to succeed.. I will definitely take another class with Dr. Barton.
Amazing Professor! And his TAs were Awesome too!
Barton was an excellent professor. Very knowledgeable. Very friendly and approachable. He graded everything more than fair. I would highly recommend taking any of his classes. Show up and let him know you want to learn and you'll have an easy A waiting for you at the end of the semester. He had hysterical anecdotes on most days that are worth it.
Dr. Barton was phenomenal! I graduated in 05 and I remember he was such an awesome professor. He made it a point to get to know you on a personal level and he was never angry if you didn't do the reading. Great guy everyone deserves an awesome prof at least once during their college career!
I'm pretty certain Dr. Barton became a medievalist because he likes knights and dragons. He's such a fun professor to have and he never makes you feel bad about anything. Didn't do the reading? He's not gonna hate you for it. He's genuinely interesting and enthusiastic. Everyone should take one of his classes whether you're a history major or not.
This guy is a genius! It can be intimidating but he is very understanding and helpful. Didn't really like the class overall but he was a good professor.
Had him for 221 and 312. One of the nicest profs. I've ever had. You can tell he's really in to the stuff teaches because of his enthusiasm. If you have a class with Barton but you also have a TA, email the TA first. he's kind of a slow grader but he's pretty lenient. His powerpoints are long but your exams/quizes are on the reading so no worries!
Superb professor--highly recommend.
Crusades was one of the most interesting & fun classes, history or no, that I have ever taken. Prof Barton is hilarious and student-friendly (gives choices over assignments/papers/tests you want to take). Definitely take a class with him!
He is pretty darn awesome. He knows his stuff and loves when people ask questions. If you need an easy class to enjoy, check his out.
have had him for a couple classes now and he makes learning intersting! also all the exams are take home so no pressure put on you in class to get one finished
I had dr barton for a number of his classes and he was the best professor at uncg!!! Very helpful at anytime, very understanding, and a very fair grader!!!!! Hes so nice, he doesnt have a mean bone in his body!!!!
He is all around the best professor in the history dept. and among the best professors I've worked with. He knows his stuff and he explains it in a clear way. Expects alot, but is fair and understanding. A fun guy in and out of the classroom. Again best in the department.
One of the greatest teachers I have ever had. His classes are tough, but he's fair, friendly, and just an all around nice person. I would recommend any of his classes to anyone interested in taking a well thought out, interesting class.
He's a great teacher. Be prepared to listen to him talk and take notes for all of class, but it is very interesting. Exams are take home, and it is easy to get him to digress in class. If you are interetsted in the subject definately take his classes.
He was very nice. A lot of reading but exams are take home essays..not too hard
One of the best teachers I've ever had, but the most grueling course I've ever taken. She's a great lecturer, but a TOUGH teacher. Understanding when unforeseen circumstances arose. She genuinely cares about students, and is insanely knowledgeable. I'm glad I took this class, and I learned more from this class than all my others beforehand combined
MAde a hard semester bearable. Despite covid, gave us a great way to survive at home by doing take home exams and online homework.
Mrs. Broderick was so good at explaining some crazy cases. I loved her. She was always there to talk to before an dafter class. She did tell us what she wanted and I felt reassured regularly by the homework.
Professor Broderick truly cares for her students. She has high expectations, but truly cares for her students and wants you to do well. If something happens keep her updated she will go above and beyond to assist with anything she can.
Great class. Learned a lot of good things about business AND law. Teacher expects a lot of work but ,hey,that's what I'm paying for.
I really liked this professor. She used case studies that made it easy to understand. The new Mindtap online study tool really helped too. Large class size was only draw back.. 60+ students made it hard to do group work.
Good professor overall, study the practice exams she gives out they are usually pretty close to the real exam and some tests she uses the same questions. Other than that there was a big group project and a few homework assignments.
Great teacher..expects a lot but always loves to talk law.
very experienced attorney who loves teaching.Loved the videos.
Best professor I ever had. She will meet with you and explain any thng. Ms. Broderick was very knowledgable and loved current events.
Class was pretty easy. Study the practice tests she gives out, about 1/3 of the test questions come from that. I dont think she even reads the papers.
She was one of my most favorite profs.
I loved this teacher. My favourite all semester. She seems to really care about the students and the subject she teaches. Recommend her class to everyone!!
She is awsome, she teaches a ton of information and does it while keeping your interest, not to mention she is amazing at getting the info accross, and helping you ifyou haved a problem. One of my best professors! I wish other prof would teach like her.
Great Teacher, cares about students. If you show you care about the class you will get a good grade.
Field trips to court,quest speakers,something new every day
This teacher really cares..let's you do extra credit
Her excitement about law is contagious! Super knowledgeable. Helps students too!
Out of all the teachers at this University, she is BY FAR the most intelligent.
Excellent teacher, really cares,very knowledgable
She knows her law and is excited about it. Great teacher.
Thsi teacher really loves law. She really listens,too.
Professor Cody is incredible. He uses humor to keep the interest of everyone that bothers to attend class.
He is a very good and knowlegable professor, the key to taking his class is taking very clear, extensive notes which will absolutly result in an A on the test- he is one of those teachers that likes you to write as much as possible on his tests so study hard!
Cody is Great. He knows his stuff and doesn't give you the B.S. that comes along with some Professors
Cody is a great professor, like everyone has mentioned, take good notes and you will get an A on your test- He always gives out a study guide with the possible essay choices...I have had 4 classes with him, and I have received all As... He is hilarious, and I get a chuckle every time I go to class.
If you're looking to do an independent study in Political Science, Howard is a great choice. Very helpful and easygoing.
Very intelligent and has lived in Canada so he has experience with life in Canada as well as knowledge of it. Very passionate teacher... seems to love his work. I deffinatly recommend this class, takes care of a Gen Ed too!
Professor Cody is a phenominal lecturer who displays a passion and enthusiasm for his work. He is incredibly knowledgable, entertaining, and informative to listen to.
Very knowledgeable and very supportive.
Had him for Canadian Politics. Great guy, good lectures, easy to talk to and ask questions. Smart guy. Like his class, just sit back enjoy your coffee and listen to what he says and you will pass.
Very smart man, wish more teachers could be like him! :-)
If you attend the lectures he'll like you and the tests will be much easier.
Incredible, down to earth, and exetremely knowledgable man. Take his course!!
AWESOME teacher
He sure knows what he's talking about!
All business, I have never met another professor who knows so much
I LOVED JILL! I had the absolute best time in her class! Jill is an amazing professor and very hands on with her students. There were times were I stayed after class to work on my sewing projects and she would check on me and compliment my progress. She is so supportive and funny. I was so happy when I got to then work with her after her class.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Jill! She is the queen of everything theater related and I respect her so much! She is sassy but honest and will help you improve in any way she can. I can truthfully say that her Theater Makeup class was my favorite class taken in my 6 years at GVSU.
If you're taking the Makeup course to learn how to blend into your surroundings, I'd look elsewhere. The course is designed very specifically for large theaters, so the makeups you do are very exaggerated. Jill is a lovely woman, and has years of experience. She will always ask you to find ways to improve the look, and is very knowledgeable.
Hamilton is a good teacher. She makes everyone participates, and she tells you clearly what to do and what not to do.
She is fabulous! I loved the class. I learned soo much and I had fun. You should for sure take a class!
easy A. projects are easy. She's a little spacy, but a great person. Easy with deadlines. EC a lot.TAKE HER!!!
Created awesome class unity- I'm still buddies with everyone from class!
A sweetheart - great teacher - caters to students. Easy and fun classes.
Hardest and best class I've ever taken. A lot of work, but he grades easy.
A trial by fire, and one of the best professors at UMO
I was nervous to take this class given the reviews on here, but I must say that Professor Velury is a great instructor. She knows the material well, and she gives clear, helpful lectures. Listen in class, take good notes, do the homework and you will be well-prepared for exams. She is also super sweet, and she will help you if you need it.
She is so nice to help students
Not hard! I failed acct207 once and took her classed and Aced it.
What can I say? She's good. She's REALLY good.
One of the best professors I've had at UMO. Actually has and continues to have hands-on experience in the field. Attendance is required, but the class is fun so it's definitely worth going. Highly recommended!
I enjoyed Ann as a teacher very much. Very nice and made class, speech...ick... and made it bareable with her wit and personality.
Great teacher. Very down to earth, will talk to you just like a regular human being, not just a student. Very helpful, and understanding if you have a problem.
She made lectures fun! She was a great teacher, one of my favoites here.
Wicked cool person, kinda hard grader, but made class really fun and laid back
Very down to earth,
Professor Haggerty cares about what he teaches and it shows. He tries to make students engaged in discussion, even if it depends on calling on them at times. It is a small class and you are expected to do the readings in order to understand what is going on with the class. His feedback on papers are excellent and he is very funny and intelligent.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking Professor Haggerty's class. He offered unique insight to the topics that we discussed and I often found him reaching out to develop connections to his students. I look forward to his class as he makes it interesting, entertaining, and funny. He is easy to talk to and overall a wonderful professor to have.
Dr. Mark Haggerty may have been the best professor I have had at the University of Maine. He is an inspirational professor and a true educator. If you actually want to learn something from honors and be challenged intellectually this is the professor you need. He will not make things easy for you but that's not the purpose of a liberal education.
He's an excellent teacher, keeps discussions very interesting and engaging. Quite a bit of work, but entirely worth it, one of the best teachers I've ever had.
Awesome professor. Had him for 3 semesters of honors. Good at leading discussions and I found him to be very easy to talk to. Some of his assignments are tough but once you get so you know what he's looking for in your work its not so bad.
Excellent Honors Preceptor- very easy going and cool guy. TAKE HIS CLASS!!!
Superb professor--one of the only ones that truly promotes productivity, and will aid in pursuing such if you show that you want to. Content is more important than homework. Take him.
Awesome teacher, very grateful I had him, want to have him again at some point.
Great! Worthwhile, challenging.
H bomb knows his stuff. He also has style, both clothing and life.
You will work hard
This guy is great. Very funny. If you actually show up to class and listen and do the work you'll be fine. He literally tell you what is important and what will be one the exam and he tells you things to help you remember the concepts. I don't ike economics but this professor made it enjoyable.
Most savvy prof ever. Relates everything to economics. Wants to prepare students to succeed in REAL WORLD. Tough grader who teaches by showing where wrong. Short paper every week to improve analytical and writing skills. Course is unforgettable.
Where do I begin with this professor? To flourish in the class, you have to DROP YOUR EGO bc he is not afraid to tell it like it is. Get ready to get low grades on your paper. By low grades I mean 4/10 one week, 5/10 another week. Maybe 6/10 the next week. But once u get thru the trails/ tribulations , you will love the course for he is brilliant.
Hard Grader Worth it. No other course is like this one. Teacher explains how to analyze problems using simple economics. Sort of off the wall, but interesting classes. Sometimes stuff discusses seems weird, but it makes sense in the end. He marked up my papers more than any english prof. Useful course.
Never had a class like this.... Never know what will be discussed in class. Could be opera, ancient China, recycling, ducks, or most anything -- but it WORKS. It's entertaining, interesting, and I leave each class with new info/ideas. Sometimes seems crazy, but there is a method.
Dr. Bennett is a true asset to GMU. His main goal is to teach you to think critically in life and become successful. This class is not for the faint of heart, several people couldn't hack it. If you manage to make it to the end of the course, you will learn a lot about yourself and the challenges employers will give you.
Best class I've ever had at anytime and anywhere. I learned more from this prof in one course than in a dozen other courses. He challenges students to think and reason things out. He cares about his students. Tough grader but the course is terrific. Would take it again and again.
Makes economics interesting. Provides insights. go to lecture to get tips about exam topics. S
Love this guy. Loves the baseball team. Who doesn't love the baseball team though?
Awesome professor, very clear and easy to listen to in class. He'll answer any question you have, but DO NOT even think about attempting to cheat. Take notes and right down every graph and you'll have all the answers for the Aplia quizzes. Tests are tricky but if you know your stuff you'll have no problem
Totally different class. Very demanding prof -- emphasizes critical thinking and excellent writing skills. Extremely useful compared to what you get from most courses. He's incredibly smart and knows what is needed to succeed. If you get a chance, take this Prof and prepare to work hard and learn lots.
A total keeper!! The guy is amazing. He puts a lot of work into this class, and I learned a lot. His insights are fascinating, and he is very interested in students. Wish he taught more classes that I could take.
He is the tightest teacher ever. I never understood econ until I attended Bennett's class. I would take all of my econ classes with him if I could. Even though the material is hard, he makes everything seem so simple, funny and easy to relate to. Best professor ever.
This guy is very smart. If you go to class and listen, you will learn a lot about more than economics. Some topics are hard to grasp but all of his tests are multiple choice so it isn't so bad.
Great professor that you can learn a lot from. He's funny as hell. I will say that if you do not pay good attention in class or are a little on the slow side, avoid this professor at all costs, because he will undoubtedly tear you a new one.
An absolute riot, and really knows his stuff. He routinely belittled students who asked foolish questions, read Gilbert and Sullivan, & kicked students out for being late. It will be the most entertaining class of your collegiate career if you stay on his good side. Writing intensive (watch your grammar), no tests, no stupid questions
GREAT TEACHER! Very straightforward, 3 exams + the final, entire grade=2 best exams + the final. Exams come straight from the lectures which basically come straight from the book. Funny stories to relate to somewhat boring concepts. If you're going into econ 103, take Bennett, NOT Rustici.
Workbook and problems are the key to doing well. Exams are out of the workbook. He gives lots of hints about what problems are important. Go to class, keep up with assignments, see tutors if need help.
Very demanding, writing intensive course. How you say it is as important as what you say. Interesting course uses economic concepts to understand and analyze ideas about charities. Prof uses very diifferent approach and pushes analysis and logical reasoning.
Totally different kind of class.... all about using Econ ideas to analyze problems. Lots of short papers. Tough grader, but interesting class and useful.
Terrific guy. Good sense of humor but doen't take bull from students. Large class, so attendance is optional. Great hints on exams; sends regular e-mails to update about important probles. Lots of examples and common sense explanations to clarify material. Class is interesting; subject can be difficult.
Totally Awesome for an economics course. He tries to make it all simple and plain common sense. Listen carefully in class, do the problems that he assigns, read his e-mails carefully -- especially when he gives hints on exams -- and you can't go wrong. Don't get behind or try to cram... it doesn't work.
Do assigned prob, come to class and pay careful attention to his hints about exams, take notes, and you have at least a B without a lot of sweat. Don't get behind. Interesting lectures with lots of insights and examples. Tries to make dull stuff interesting.
Very funny guy!!! Just show up, take notes, and acturally take time to DO the problems in the coursebook and you've got an A in econ 103. He really is entertaining.
Tries to make tough material easy to understand. Uses common sense examples and explanations to simplify. Tests require preparation and are challenging but not impossible. Teacher makes dry subject interesting. Plenty of hints about exam content. Pay close attention to e-mails.
This course is totally different from anything I have ever had... Bennett demands that you think rather than spewing back stuff that he has already told you. It's a very hard course, but very interesting and likely to be one of the most useful courses I have had in college. He teaches you to analyze problems and understand the world around you.
I am an older student and enjoyed this class. I can't believe how many kids in this class just don't care and then they complain when they get a bad grade. I admit his tests are tough and that you have to do the work, but it will pay off in the end. Study hard and grow up and you will do fine. This is not a high school class.
this professor is GREAT! not only is he verrrrrry knowledgeable(rarely has to look back at the textbook as a reference)but hes also veryyyyy interesting and funny! he pokes humor at a lot economic problems that we have, connecting the terms to real life, making it easier to understand & follow along. hes at the top of his field!!
If you do the work and take the class seriously,you will do fine, but if you don't take it seriously then you will fail...plain and simple. He is in the top of his field and knows what he is talking about.Do the workbook and you will pass ALL of the exams.He doesn't take any BS.
Great teacher, funny in class
Best damn professor the University of Maine's got. He speaks his mind and doesn't refrain from being honest. The best part is he makes you think, not in the typical manner but out side the box. More professors should be like him.
Palmer is extremely knowledgeable in the subjects he teaches, and his in-class essay exams are extremely reasonable to be successful on. It is absolutely important to go to every class because he pretty much outlines the whole readings and blatantly alludes to what material is important to study for the in-class essays.
This man is a genius, hands down the smartest person on campus. Classes are always informative and entertaining, definitely worth attending. People don't like him because he tells it like it is and doesn't worry about "political correctness", and some people can't deal with that. Definitely take any classes you can with him, he's brilliant
He hates the modern world for good reason and anyone who attacks him for his politics has probably never spoken to him at length.He studied under Bloom so a rehash of those arguments is expected and where else can you here a Straussian perspective on a campus dominated by Marxists?There should be class in the sociology dept. on his personal life.
I disagree with almost all of Palmers political and social views, but that's cool, becuase he's funny. I've taken a bunch of his classes and he was always interesting, helpful and just generally a fun teacher. I learned a lot from him.
Honestly I don't really know why I like this guy so much, but I really do. He is very smart and a very good teacher. He is interesting and engaging.
He's a very good professor, and I recommend him highly.
He is a first-rate professor, heads and shoulders above anyone else in the Political Science department. If you go to UMaine, you won't get the most for your money if you don't take a class from him. His teaching demands respect.
Smartest man I've ever met, great insights. I learned a lot.
11/14/03
A great teacher; he is clear, insightful, and exciting
Thought provoking and inspirational classes
A+ prof , great stories
Great teacher in the tradition of Leo Strauss.
Online class: She is a good professor. Gives multiple examples so you really grasp concepts. On average about 40 mins to an hour of lecture weekly. You have a weekly short essay where you discuss the topics of the week, she gives audio feedback. The assignments come out weekly, so it is easy to check that everything has been done.
Nice, loves class participation.
Took the online accelerated and was super easy. Two exams and a few short essays and discussions. Assigns a lot of reading but you don't actually have to read it. All assignments are due on Sundays. Super accessible outside of class. Can do all the work for the week in like five hours.
Love love love Jessica Miller! Would take any class she teaches, makes funny pop culture jokes in class, entertaining slide shows, super helpful, posts all slide lectures too! Answers any questions you have, encourages participation, loves open discussions, only had like 3 tests all semester, quizzes but only count for participation, super nice!
It's a very easy class. You don't have to really take notes or even show up, since all of what she says is word for word on the slides. Sometimes it's beneficial to go to class because of pop "quizzes". Tests are extremely easy. She's nice, is pretty smart, but still says stupid things. Take the class for an easy A
The one gen ed i actually wanted to go to. She really loves class discussion and she teaches the material well and always wants to know everyone's opinion. there are 3 tests with no final and case discussion worksheets. All reflect the course really well and there are never any surprises. She loves when you send her something she hasn't seen.
The class is easy. She posts all the power-points on first class so you don't even have to attend lecture; however, you should because discussions are interesting. I don't agree that she "dumbs" down information - her teaching styles are just a little more creative than the average boring Ethics Professor. She's quite funny, too!
Interesting and Engaging
Great professor. Extremely engaging, helpful, and more than happy to talk with you personally if you want. Great experience.
Miller is organized, and does a great job in keeping everyone interested and engaged in class. The reading consisted of different documents and reading from the text, but it's not all necesary as long as you make it to class; which I would recommend because you gain useful information and it's totally worth your time! The grading is fair as well. T
She's real good. I don't think she's from Maine because the other Prof from Maine are not very good at all and the students at UMaine are rude, ****, and crazy. She should be teaching at a better University, she's too good for Maine.
Holy shnooky, Jessica is chill as hell w/ all her pop culture references. It's like having Kevin Smith for a professor, except instead of being a portly dude, she's a wayyyyy too hot for a prof. Dunno how I'm gonna do in the class 'cuz I'm still in it but I think I should do fine.
Feminist Theory class was very easy. A lot of lecturing, not a whole lot of responsibility toward work. Good class for discussion.
A lot of difficult material, but Prof. Miller explains it really well. You do need to put in a lot of time. Great class.
fun class, very easy if you are willing to put in a little time. she gives the study guide for each exam with everything you need to know, and doesn't hold opinion against you
She's super cute, cares about the class
Definably one hot woman. Her husband's a bit arrogant though, what a waste. She's probably one of the best professors I've had in the last three years. Good job!
Excellent teacher, interesting course. Readings can be dry and boring, though.
Excellent instructor, excellent course. Yeah, she's hot, too.
You have to love Kant - but she made the rest interesting. Good.
Text. - Seinfeld & Phil. plus she's hot
I loved his classes.
A sort of hipster genius, beyond esoteric, enormously profound.
very nice
Very smart and suprisingly fair. You'll do well if you think for yourself
He's the Man! I enjoy his class and think that he's a Genius and a great prof.
This Prof is beyond the ONE & very groovy too!
One of the best Porfessors I have ever had. Class was not easy, but challenging, exactly how it should be. I learnt so much in his class. In fact, once I was done, I completely changed gears and switched towards MISand I use SQL to this day. Take this class, you will learn a lot and Dr. Steiger looks tough, but he is very nice, helpful and the best
Dr. Steiger is the best professor I've had at UMaine by far. He truly cares about the success of his students and is always willing to help. Do the homeworks and you will be fine in the class. Definitely take a course with Steiger, you won't regret it!
Dr. Steiger is one of the best professors I've had. His classes require a lot of work; you can't slack off. However, they are not very difficult and he is very helpful. His projects are structured so that you HAVE to ask questions or you won't do well. Tests are easy as long as you do your homework.
Dr. Steiger is one of the Best professor's i've had, wonderful accent, and great teaching style! i love how he didn't let students take the easy route, and how we all could have our own approach to problems
Good professor, easy to talk to if need be.
Steiger makes this subject interesting. There can be a lot of time spent on the homeworks, but by doing the homework I actually understood the topics better. Good class to take!
Tough class, but he makes it fun.
SUPERB TEACHER, ONE OF THE BEST, ALTOUGH VERY TOUGH AT TIMES
Explains things very well; you really know your stuff after taking his class.
Really great professor. Very knowledgeable and very funny. He really knows his topic and makes it fun for students. Only 9 a.m class I've seen where everyone was excited to be there. He loves extra credit and curves everything so if you put in the effort, you'll pass. Non stressful, very helpful, and clear as a bell. Fabulous professor overall.
Dr. Markowsky is a great professor who seems to genuinely care about how much his students learn. He also has an incredible amount of patience. He goes off on tangents but since he's a brilliant guy they are always very interesting. Pay attention, take notes, ask questions, do the homework, work hard on the tests and he'll give you a good grade.
I've taken George's 250,550, and 554 classes. Each of them extremely challenging. However without these classes my UMCS grad and undergrad degrees would be worthless! I learned more from George than from all other professors in the CS dept combined.
One of the very best. I only hope that I will be half of the professor that he is. He does the entire computer science field a favor by getting rid of slackers that really should be pumping gas or flipping burgers instead of writeing mission critical code. keep up the good work George!
the best in the department!
If you want to beat Knuth and Hopcroft, take this course. He is the best.
Dr. Tichenor is definitely one of my favorite teachers in three years I've been at Stetson. She obviously cares about the students and she never makes you feel stupid. She's also very straightforward though and she will tell you if you're doing something wrong, in a helpful way.
Dr. T is a fantastic professor! She really cares about her students and will do anything to make sure they are successful.
I love this woman, she was wonderful and always supportive. Thank god for professors like Dr. T or I might not have made it through my internship!
very sweet and caring
Dr. Foos is a great guy. Makes the course material interesting, and is willing to help if you have questions. Highly recommend him if you want to come out with a good understanding of your course material.
Dr. Foos is an awesome professor!He is passionate about his class.He genuinely cares about his students and is always accessible and willing to help!Returns emails promptly!Great sense of humor.Tests cover book and lecture.Two projects from text.Third project for extra credit.I made an A in the class.Highly recommend!Will take again!
When they say "He wrote the book"... he really did. Wasn't too interested in the subject, but needed a psych credit.. he makes it SO interesting and he is really funny. Go to class! His tests are mostly from the lecture.
Great class and Dr. Foos is equally great. You're never to young to start learning about how you age and how you can help your loved ones as they age.
He wrote the textbook for the class so he knows everything about the topics without looking it up. The 3 hour version is too long and boring but it would not be bad with the usual 50 minute class. If you read and pay attention you will get atleast a B.
Dr. Foos takes Methods and makes it bearable. He's witty, comical, extremely helpful and a student advocate. He truly wants his students to succeed. UNCC needs more like him.
He is one of the best professors I have ever had! The material is kind of boring but he makes it interesting. He knows what he is talking about. Very helpful and a nice person
Dr. Foos is great! Tests are long but fair. He's one of the nicests prof's i've ever had and is constantly cracking jokes in class that are so blunt & dry their funny. goes to great lengths to explain everything & really cares how well you do.
take every class that he teaches
I love you man. I wish all teachers were like dr. foos. He explains every thing to his best extent, and wants every one to succeed.
very good teacher. i wish this guy could teach all the courses in uncc. he grades knowing that you want to do your best in the class, not like others who want to fail you for the heck of it. You feel like he really wants you to succeed, and his office door is open for every one any time. TAKE HIM!
Great teacher
Interesting lecturer, very helpful and has high expectations. If you take his class, you will enjoy it, but you will also have to work.
One who really cares about the learning process.
Dr. Foos is the best professor ever! If you are about to take senior seminar & are debating over WHO to take - TAKE HIM!!! He is so nice & helpful & interesting! As long as you do the readings & participate & aren't lazy - you will get an A! :)
He is by far one of the best teachers I have ever had in college. He wrote the book for the class, so the tests come straight from it, he doesn't take attendance... but you will want to go. He is hysterical and absolutely loves "Gertrude"! Take
I have had every class he teaches, he is funny and keeps us interested, if students rate him poorly it is because they skip class. His tests are mainly from notes so you must come to class. Don't even need to buy the book!
Excellent professor. I took 2 of his courses and learned a lot in both.
He's a wonderful instructor! I can't remember an instructor I've had that was more encouraging to his/her students regardless of academic status. His door was open to us all.
I've taken all 3 classes that he teaches as of second summer 2003! He's a godsend! He's my inspiration, and has taught me a tremendous amount. He's that one prof. that you hope to have that really helps you learn! A+
the sweetest man, great class, he is always there to help
Interesting and entertaining
easy to work with and will be an easy A as long as you do your work!
Professor Hopcroft's online class was super easy. You have assignments every week but they are usually opinion questions. Sometimes you turn in a response to the class and have to reply to a classmate and sometimes its just for her eyes. She gives extra credit to responses that are more in depth. The tests are fairly easy.
She is one of the best teacher I ever had so far. Although I'm international student, it was really easy because of her excellent teaching.
very smart. interesting. informed. clear.
Dr. Hopcroft relies on her own skills to teach. She isn't just reading out of the book. You can tell she knows what she is doing.
He is great! Mandatory is a must!!! He takes attendance everyday. You will only have a Midterm, Hypothesis paper, Od-ed and Final. All of them will be taken in Canvas. You really need to read and take notes in order to understand the topics. You get limited time (1hr 15 minutes) to write your papers in canvas. You really need to be prepared.
Amazing professor. His syllabus clarifies all assignments and expectations. He assigns weekly readings and 15% of your grade is based on participation so be sure to come to class. He is very willing to help you and even meet outside office hours.
TAKE HIM!!! He knows what he is talking about! I learned so much in this class. It will change your perspective on Latin American countries and immigration. He is very helpful and willing to work with students.
I really enjoyed Dr. Weeks and his class. The material was comparable to the level and was very interesting. I loved reading the book and forums. Highly recommended.
The Class!!! Never open the books, he is very clear in his class, take good notes and remember him to mail the power points of his classes and you'll be fine.You have a mid term, the final and a 10 pages research paper, thats all. Topics are giveng at the begining work on it and you'll have a thrird of your grade, a little tide ass but funny on hi
I took this professor for 3 different classes- the other two were 1130 (Comparative Politics) and 3144 (Latin American Politics). He is a very supportive and understanding teacher, but he won't let you get away without doing your work. And though you talk about the readings, you will probably be ok to skim them for important points. Uses WebCT A++
Good professor with a difficult course. Two essay tests and one 10-page research paper. You are given a 10-15 question review about a week prior to the exam. Test questions are word-for-word from this review sheet. Tough course, but well taught, and very informative.
very helpful, wish he taught more about what the book says and didn't just read the slideshow. great teacher though. highly recommended here :D
Great professor! Took the class in the summer, and it was quite challenging. However it is very possible to do well. Quizes aren't too bad, but the essay based exams are a little tougher. Take good notes, and GO TO CLASS! Great class!
He is very difficult to the average student, especially if political studies are not your number one interest. He is helpful, but be sure to come to class and take detailed notes. The text is not very helpful and does not require you to bring it to class.
Good professor, good class, but not easy. Quizzes can be hard.
Take this professor! If you go to class and take notes you will do fine on quizes/exams. Assigns reading but you don't have to read them to pass the quizes.
I love this awesome class! I have learned so much from Prof Weeks. I have missed roll call several times, and yet he still knows my name. This man is a teacher who definitly cares about his students and the subject. He goes out of his way to help everyone
Dr. Weeks is a great professor. He is always there to help you and seems like he wants you to do good which isnt always the case with some professors. He makes sure that you are prepared for the test and quizes. I would highly recommend his class!
Very good teacher, he is serious and does not take crap from students. I would take him again
I had him 2 years ago and I still think he's the best prof. I've had in college. He was very interesting and it was easy to follow along while taking notes.
For the exams (midterm and final), he gives you about 7 or 8 essay questions a week beforehand, then he'll pick 2 or 3 for the exam. Then, there's a final paper with a minimum of 10 pages. Overall, a very kind teacher who's not too hard, not too easy.
The class is okay, he gives you easy notes, just make sure you do the readings for the tests! Tests are not difficult as long as you come to class and check WebCT, you dont have to read the book. Good teacher, intelligent, respects students opinions.
He is great!! Very helpful, the key to his class is notes!
Some may complain about his amount of notes, but if you are good about coming to class and taking notes, don't listen to them. I loved this teacher. I always did well, but I also always took notes. Tests mostly come from notes, not the book.
He is a good teacher. Read the material assigned, take notes and don't sleep.
Don't know why anyone would call him arrogant. He's funny in class, and for me was very helpful and easy to talk to.
Very good class. Dr. Weeks makes class fun and you learn a lot. Plus he is hot!
very cool guy
I love to go to class. Oooo baby.........
Dr. Caste is genuinely one of the best professors I've had. Class is super book heavy, but all of the material you read is relevant to the assignments and you will use it for the 3 papers and discussions. He is willing to work with you on deadlines as long as you communicate with him in advance.
Dr. Caste is an amazing teacher, even online. He's very sweet and gives very helpful and kind feedback. You do have to keep up with your readings to be able to keep up with your papers, but he never assigns too much at once. He's a great teacher, I've had him before, this is my second time with him, and I'd take him a third time.
Professor Caste is a perfect professor for students who love online courses and have great time management skills. You read up on one (sometimes two) philosophers per week through the textbook and his lecture which is in the form of a written paper. One of the best things about this professor is his writing. Its SIMPLE and EASY to understand.
I took this class as an elective & I'm incredibly glad I did. I loved reading about the different philosophers that have influenced American politics. Dr. Caste gives clear feedback on papers about what he does and does not like, and is a relatively easy grader. If you have any questions about your grades, he is easy to get in touch with.
Dr. Caste has to be one of the top 3 professors at UNCC. He really knows what he's talking about. There are only 12 assignments in the course and about 4 are just discussion post. If you need someone to actually guide you through readings do not take this class as the only teaching is a 5 page summary on the philosopher. After that your on your own
Professor Caste is amazing. This online class was set up so you only had to write papers, no exams. The final was a 5-7 page paper. He gives all the information needed to write it and as long as you answer the writing prompt and back up your responses, you'll do good. He also gives very good feedback so you know what to fix next time.
Professor Caste was one of the better professors Ive had the pleasure of knowing. The grades rely heavily on papers, but the topics are easy enough and the book is super helpful because he offers explanations of the material before the writings. Very kind grader.
Dr. Caste offers really great courses, most are paper-heavy (3 short 3-4 page papers) (2 long 6-7 page papers). The information he provides for the course is phenomenal and the readings are interesting and easy to get through. Dr. Caste is a really understanding person who listens to his students and is always easily accessible.
Professor Caste is AMAZING! I had him SS 1 as a visiting inc. 1st yr from UNC Chapel Hill. The course is ONLINE and graded with ESSAYS only! 4 disc forums (2-3 paragraphs), 3 thought papers (3-4), 2 essay exams (5-7). He is a great professor and I respect him! Amazing feedback and GUIDANCE! Got the highest grade in the class---98.2! MUST TAKE!
took his online summer class. lots of papers but he loves quotes so take advantage of that. barely got an A but he noticed I was really close and helped me out. very caring!! highly recommend
Dr. Caste's class was a required course for Political Science majors. The course load is very comparable to the level course. Tough grader on papers and essays. I should have paid more attention to details to get the A I wanted.
Take him if you can!!!! He is truly awesome. Easy on grading. Took him as summer short session class, the load was very bearable, compared to other semesters. Now getting ready to take another class that he is teaching! Strongly recommend!!!
He is AAAWESOME!!!! Take him for sure sure sure if you can! I took him as a short session summer class and I loved it! very great on grading. He seems to trully care about his students. Strongly strongly recommend! One of the nicest teachers I ever had (and I had quite a few, believe me =)
Take him!!!Take him!!!Take him!!!Take him!!!Take him!!!Take him!!!Take him!!!Take him!!!Take him!!! Very easy...we watched movies, had funny discussions, wrote papers..and did volunteer hours and you get to miss a whole month of the semester to do your volunteer hours for his class!! This class fills up quickly, take him, no regrets!
One of the most organized professors I've had yet. Strictly lecture, but he's incredibly easy to follow and very detailed. Attendance is not mandatory, but you miss a lot if you don't go. The text is extremely hard to follow, so you need his explanations. Three multiple choice tests. They can be very difficult. Has quotes, so read the text.
The summer class was very easy. There is only one 2 page essay a week. There is also a 5-7 page paper for the misdterm and final. All the papers are doubled spaced. He is a very easy grader.
Caste is awesome! I took him for citizenship and am taking him for political philosophy. He is extremely liberal and I am extremly conservative. However, he is always willing to help. Show up to class, take notes, study the notes and you'll get an A. Plan on taking him again for the 3rd time next semester.
AWESOME PROFESSOR. The rumors are true though, he is extremely liberal. He is political science learning community instructor. There were only 4 people in the class and I was the only conservative. We had awesome debates and I loved every minute of it, even though I was out numbered 4 to 1.
Professor Caste is amazing. If you want an easy A and dont mind volunteering take this class. He is very liberal and fun
He was the best. We had awesome discussions about random things. Since it was during election period, we talked about Hillary and Obama and their issues.
He is GREAT!! Very liberal - if you're conservative maybe you should steer clear. He doesn't have an attendance policy. His tests are kind of hard, you have to show up and take notes. He's hilarious and starts great debates. Definitely take him!!
One of the best professors ever. Explains everything very well and doesn't require you to go to class. Tests are very easy and based on homeworks.
I can't say enough about Dr. Caste. He is by far the most interesting and "discussion based" professor. Go to class, not just for the grade but because it's worth it each time! Don't really need the books if you go to class, REALLY focuses on writing skills but will let you re-do papers you don't do well on. EXCELLENT PROFESSOR!
Nice professor that makes class enjoyable. Only two tests and one 5-page paper. Reading the assigned books not essential because he goes over the important parts in class.
Great professor, EASY A. Knows what hes talking about. and he hates BUSH! WHat more could you ask for?
Great teacher! Goes out of his way to explain things. Any topic open game in class. Go to class and take notes, its easy.
THE BEST TEACHER EVER!!! School would be a better place with more teachers like him. Try to take as many classes with him as possible, it is sooo much fun!!!
great prof, explains topics clearly, really makes sure students understand info.
Great Teacher!! Easy to learn from. Go to class and you will do fine.
Great teacher! Laid back and informative. Tests are straight forward and from lecture notes.
Great teacher!! Very liberal! Very helpful.. don't need to buy the book just take notes would take him again for sure!!
He rocks! He is one of the best professors I have ever had. Take one of his classes, you will not regret it
We NEED more professors like him!
Great Prof. Explains well, always willing to help, fun class.
A great teacher. He isn't always that interesting but he always means well. He is very understanding as well. Very laid back.
Very nice guy.Willling to help all he can.I didn't no squat and still got a C.
Dude is real laid back. His classes are easy, but you learn alot. But yeah he is the most liberal prof I had.
loved his class so much I took another class taught by him the next semester
Great professor, loved this class, I actually got mad bc he missed class so much
Awesome Professor, absolutely loved him, explains everything!
Loved this class... honestly my favorite professor
Smart man, knows his stuff but never condescending.
Very smart, likable guy. Really enjoys talking with students.
Good in class discussions, great professor
Great logic professor! Very cool and laid back
Easy A in the class...just show up for the lectures and he is funny too.
awesome...open minded and extremely intelligent :)
Funny, easy to understand, interesting, tests easy enough. All around good guy.
Totally awesome and wonderful and caring, I want tobe as good a teacher as her someday.
Lil Brannon is a WONDERFUL PROFESSOR!!! i learned so much from her and I TOTALLY enjoyed her class. So what she expects you to work hard - excellence is no accident and she knows it. I just registered to take another class with her. She rocks!
I love this professor. She is very compassionate and you stand to learn a lot. What do freshmen know?
It may have been that I was one of the only Women Engineer's in his class in Hawthorn's Basement (I had the Engineer's only English class), but I felt like he was very helpful and kept his information clear. Too bad that this is his last year, but over all a good teacher.
Amazing professor! This was a required class and I was not looking forward to an English class, but he made it very easy and as fun as possible. I would take a class with him again anytime and recommend him for any class.
4 papers all semester..most classes we just talked. Have to do a rough draft and then he tells u want he wants specifically. Even much easier the english classes I took in high school. Hes a really funny guy and is easy to talk to. Wish I could take him again.
clear on wat he wants to see on the paper...does not hesitate to help...class gets into discussions that are kinda out there but its not too bad
Professor Settle is one of the coolest professors you will ever meet. Is definitely about quality and not quantity. He's not hung up on grades. He's more hung up on whether you're learning the material or not. Highly recommended.
he was awesome, really laid back. if u have to take tech writing for engr take him! its a bs class for engineers to take but he makes the best of it
Settle is a the best engilsh teacher I have ever had. He is very easy to understand, gives modern and interesting topics, and teaches you so much. I wish everyone could have a chance to take Settle's english classes. He also works with you and connecst really well.
Best teacher EVER!!! Took him three times in college.....made three A's. Makes you work but not too hard. Very personable. If you don't like him you are F.O.S. and you have no business being in college.
This class is easy, but still very useful. I actually use the things that Marty taught us. He's fun and personable and makes the late night class pass quickly. He is flexible and understanding of work schedules and other courses.
Something is wrong with you if you gave Settle bad ratings. He relates well, and somehow makes the course seem easy while still teaching you a lot. Settle's the man.
this is the easiest english class you can take.. i dont see how anyone could give him a 1. all you have to do is write 3 papers on very lenient topics
For engineers, and easy A. If not...business school may be for you.
He's the damn man! Very nice and helpful
he corrects your paper before it's due. he make class interesting. great guy
best english professor I've ever had, entertaining and thought provoki
Great teacher! You won't mind going to this class. Easy B if you just go.
great teacher...easy A if you do what you are told
Great class, was a lot of fun. Will cancel class at times to help with papers
Great guy. Interesting material. Not easy, though. I'd recommend.
Highly recommended. Very personnal and would never let anyone down. Extremely supportive of ideas and fairly easy to get along with. You won't have to be on her fav. list in order to get a good great. Take the class and you'll enjoy your semester.
Highly recommended. Very personnal and would never let anyone down. Extremely supportive of ideas and fairly easy to get along with. You won't have to be on her fav. list in order to get a good great. Take the class and you'll enjoy your semester.
A great teacher!
I owe everything to this woman! She is the best professor!
my advice: go in and talk to lee ann outside of class. she's a great help (with ANY class), and she REALLY is there for the students.
a GREAT teacher. utilize her office hours, she's a great resource and just a plesant person. probably my favorite teacher at uwm because of her help outside of class (even with stuff for other classes).
Anyone who thinks that Harvey is too difficult clearly doesn't understand what's expected in college. He's great, he kept the class interesting and allowed us to learn by doing. If you don't want to do any work, then avoid his classes.
I became an English major because of Harvey. His intellectual dedication and approachability are unparalleled. His style of teaching turns some off because he expects the kind of professionalism and reliability that should be inherently expected at the college level.
Toughest and best writing teacher I ever had. Gave terrific advice and genuinely cared whether I learned anything. I never got an A, but I learned things about writing that I apply to this day.
Harvy is a very knowledgeable teacher. He may seem a little harsh but he really cares about the progress of his students. He can be really funny sometimes too.
Awesome Guy.. You Gotta Work Hard
takes getting used to but he's great-cares about students, not just their grades
Such an awesome professor! Knows his stuff. Loves telling stories. Lots of reading...but it is very easy. The class is interesting most of the time...some times a little boring, but overall everything is great!
The best professor to have. Vietnam Veteran who knows his stuff. Very interesting class. Funny guy as well. His "last class" which is very sad because he really does tell some interesting stories.
Beat teacher ever, I love coming to class everyday. He makes my day better :)
Very funny. Lots of great stories about his time in Vietnam. Read the books and take notes in class and you'll do fine. Pretty easy grader. The only problem I had is that ALL of the books we read had to do with Vietnam when its a Nature of Storytelling class. still, take him if you get a chance!
Had him for Vietnam Lit- Very passionate about the subject, and knows the novels inside and out. If you read the novels and come to class, you are bound to get an A. I highly recommend him!
couldnt have a nicer teacher for ENG 101, also took 131 Nature of Story...really interesting stories. Whelan Rocks!
Bob was the nicest guy with the best stories!
Way kool fello
he's the man. nuff said
he is so very helpful and clearly explains what he wants. One of the better professors at umaine since there arent that many.
Great guy, loves to talk about his experiences in the war, 6 books and 3 movies all pretty easy if you keep up with the reading!!!
Great teacher with incredible knowledge of Vietnam and other issues. This class had a lot of reading but it was well worth it. The books are interesting (and I don't like to read). If you have to take an english or literature course, this is the one!
AWESOME professor, take any class you can with him!
Classes were like a reading group meeting weekly. Quizzes and tests are simple if you read. Had to read 6 books.
He's a great guy and makes things interesting!
Extremely interesting, wonderful teacher
Great professor.
awesome...bob is tha man! Very interesting guy...
very fun, great teacher, not hard at all but learn a lot, just fun!
Great guy!!! Loads of fun, smart, and great teacher!!! Esp. for a summer class
He is really nice! I like him a lot.
Smart guy and great teacher, I learned a great deal from him
The best english professor ever. Vietnam Lit was greatest class ever.
best english teacher ive ever had
lit of vietnam war was excellent
Bob is the greatest prof I've ever had... direct, open, honest and REALLY funny
Vietnam Lit class is great
Great guy and great professor; impressive professional background as well
Best professor EVER Highly recommend.
great to learn from
Definitely one of the best and most fun classes I've had yet. The info is tough sometimes but you rock at getting us to know the material to pass the tests (which are really what matter anyway). I gotta agree that you are totally cute too.
The course is tough but she knows how to make it funny and enjoyable. Go, Valentina, you are cool!
Valentina totally rocks! She's one tough teacher, but very good at what she does. My ears have improved a lot since starting sight/ear with her! She expects a lot, but she makes you a better musician! And she's gorgeous, so the view is nice too. ;-)
The best sight-signing teacher at school!!! I would recomend her as a teacher! She rocks!
Had this professor for Calc 2, Calc 3, and Linear Algebra/Differential equations. Great at explaining concepts and super easy to get in touch with if you need extra help. He doesn't pull punches on grading, a simple algebra mistake will set you back a good few points. If you pay attention and do the homework, you'll have a great understanding.
Was great at making sure we learned and understood the concepts behind whatever he was teaching and always explained things clearly. Also always very willing to give extra help whenever needed.
Professor Dersch was by far the best math related prof i have ever had, he is very clear on his teaching, gives a good amount of base knowledge and information before moving to examples. it was a hard class, but he is a very good professor.
When I took this class I was going through a rough patch in my life. I honestly attended this class about FIVE times the entire semester. Prof Dersch e-mailed me and asked me when I could come in and catch up. I decided to finally go and I studied my butt off. I ended up passing all of the tests during finals week. I passed with a B because of him.
Dersch is a fantastic instructor. He's one of the best lecturers I've had. If you can take his course, definitely do it. That said, his class isn't for the lazy. You need to put the work into the notetaking and plentiful homework to succeed.
Amazing Professor! Had him for Pre-Calc. He is clear, takes time to explain, has high expectations. Grades strictly, but prepares you for any math beyond his class. Cares very deeply about teaching. Knows material very well. If you are willing/put forth the effort, he will make sure you leave his class completely prepared. He will teach you.
He was an AWESOME teacher, I enjoyed having him as my math teacher. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM.he cares if you pass if you care.
Took him for Calc I and I'm taking him for Calc II now. He's a great teacher, you'll really learn a lot. However, it won't be easy to get an A in his class. Take his class only if you're really willing to learning math!
I took class from him back in 1984 at Lincoln Land Community College. Absolutely FANTASTIC. I took this course to prepare me for Millikin University and I blew past the other freshman there. Because I him I made it through Engineering School.
very helpfull
I had been out of school for a number of years and was afraid I would fail. He taught math so clearly that I aced it and I have been looking for a math 107 class with him as the teacher.
This course is Mickey Mouse math.
He is by far the best math teacher I have ever had. It has been over 14 years since my last math class and you would never know it since I am getting an "A" in his class. He tends to over explain at times, but I would much rather have that then not explaining it enough.
a asd
As others have said, Mr. Dersch is a great all-around person. In particular, his teaching is first-rate; one cannot go through his class without appreciating the big picture of that particular field of study. Always relevant and generally committed to mathematical rigor, he unintentionally convinced me to major in mathematics.
I've NEVER had a math teacher who could make me understand math the way he did! Very visual teacher... he teaches you only the stuff you really need to know. great since of humor!
Mr Dersch made math fun. I loved his sense of humor. I would recomend Mr Dersch be your teacher.
probly the greatest professor in the school. I switched my degree to mathematics because his classes were so awesome. He is hilarious and friendly and always willing to help a student as long as they have actually attempted to help themselves. He has no mercy on tests, but how else are you gonna learn anything? ya gotta give out grades somehow.
You truely earn the grade you receive in his class. He is the best professor I've met, just an all around great guy.
Was a very helpful prof
i took 4 of this guy's classes. He is the most amazing and the hardest teacher ever! He made me want to be a math major. Anybody who loves learning should take math with Dersh
Great Prof. Knows his stuff cold. Grades tough on homework and tests, but that's how we learn. If you want to just get by without learning, don't take him. If you want to learn, take him, but be ready for lots of work!
He may be a bit harder than the other instructors, but you will really understand what you are doing. He's the best instructor I've ever had. Seriously.
I had Mr. Dersch for three semesters of calc and he's been a great teacher, hard but fair. I definately know the material when I'm done.
Fantastic teacher. Hard tests, but nothing that isn't passable.
High expectations, but let's you know them up front. LOVES his math!
Great lectures. Watch out for those tests. Love Math.
Definately need Dersch for the Calc sequence. Best Ever.
Yep, Great Professor! Beware of those tests. Best lectures ever
He is the only Math prof who knows HOW to teach and make you actually GET it.
Nice Guy, Works hard for students, very hard test, take
Very helpful when asked
Dr. Combs is a super sweet and educated woman. Her class was pretty easy. It was interesting and boring at times. Participation does matter a ton and it's where a lot of your grade comes from. She offered a lot of extra credit so you should come out with an A. There are only 2 tests but if you attend class, she will help you out in the end.
dr. combs is by far the best professor at uncc. Very knowledgeable and finds a way to relate everything back to real life events making it so much easier to understand and remember. 3 tests and one paper/tiny presentation, lowest test grade dropped. Gives study guide. Answer test questions with the examples she gave during class and youll get an A.
Professor Combs is one of the nicest and sweetest professors I've had at UNCC so far. Her class is an easy A as long as you participate and attended class. She makes the class intended for you to succeed, while becoming informed on global topics. She randomly cancelled class a few times so thats cool, and She's like a cute little old grandma
She is an amazing professor who knows every aspect of political science. Whether you have an interest in becoming a politician or lawyer, or you are taking the class for credit, she makes the class fun. She is easy to talk to and helps in every way possible. You do have to work for a good grade, but she makes it fun.
I learned a lot in this class. She is such a nice woman and she is very knowledgeable. Loves to interact with students and always willing to help.
Very nice lady. Knows her topic. The class had constant interruptions by know-it-all students, correcting her, if you can imagine, which speaks for the students, what do you expect. Of course, even breaking off into group demonstrations the students had to bicker and loose the point; which wasn't what we were doing, speaks for the students.
I took her for int law. Her tests are challenging but she tells you what to expect, she's extremely knowledgable, very approachable, do what she says to prepare. Go to class, it's not mandatory but go. I would take any of her classes. If you're expecting an easy A this is not the class for you.
I took her Homeland Security course over the summer. There was only 5 discussions, a midterm, and a final. You have to attend 5 out of 10 online wimba sessions. Both exams are timed with multiple choice, short answer, and an essay. The class was easy and very interesting.
My favorite professor at UNC Charlotte! If you are in the polysci department you definitely should take a class with her!
I've had Dr. Combs for 3 classes now and have enjoyed every one! She does talk fast, but has an incredible knowledge base! Always helpful to any student that actually seeks her help and although a very busy woman will always make time for her students! I highly recommend Dr. C, she's been my most influential professor while at UNCC.
Cindy is an amazing teacher, I can't imagine why she stayed at UNC-Charlotte. I finished her class in May 90' and she was a great teacher then and I am sure a still great one now.
AMAZING professor.. simply amazing. The tests come from the notes straight up, and a few questions from the reading. But you don't even need to read the text, just read the book of assigned articles.. the study guide will tell you EXACTLY what terms to know from the text.. if you do this, you're golden. She's such a cute dresser too! GREAT!!!!!!!!
Fantastic Professor! One of the most intelligent people i have ever meet. Read, go to class and takes notes and you will not only get a A or a B, YOU WILL LEARN! thats how calsses should be taught.
Fantastic teacher! very in depth test but by far smartest and mose interesting professor i have ever taken. Talks really fast so take good notes and read book to fill in blanks, i am going to take all of her classes!!
The best professor at the university!
GREAT Teacher!!! She is an excellent professor and as long as you have a tiny bit of interest in the subject, you'll find the class very interesting. She gives a study guide for the tests, but some of the info on her tests is not in the book. So, take good notes and you'll do well.
Smart woman...and to you who said you lost respect for her because she said "founding fathers engaged in terrorism"...she is the expert on terrorism..she has published several books on the topic and the founding fathers did engage in terrorism.
Very nice lady, Good teacher. Very good class discussions, very interactive class. Tests are in depth, but she rewards overlal comprehension rather than just retention.
Totally kosher! Is that bias?
She is a really good teacher and very smart. She knows everything about politics. Test are kinda hard, but she gives a really good review sheet
Dr. Combs is the nicest professor. She is always willing to help students who are struggling. Nicest & most helpful teacher around.
This class is awesome! It requires a lot of reading but it is worth it. It is very interesting and fun. I recommend it.
In short, I'm actually sorry when the class ends. Dr. Combs is obviously an authority in her field. Take her class...
In my opinion one of the best Professors around. Provides an excellent environment for learning and really does care about her students. If i could take her for every class i would. Highly recommended.
Dr. Combs is the best professor I have had. If you give your best effort, she will work with you. Knows her stuff inside and out, I highly recommend her, she is not easy but is fair and balanced and cares deeply about her students and her work.
Had her for def & sec and pol. violence, best pols professor I've had.
It just doesn't get any better than this. Dr. Combs knows her stuff and is more than enthusiastic about teaching. If only the full range of classes could be taught by Dr. Combs. I take classes that arent ever required just to learn from her.
wonderful class, she is absolutely fantastic! have had her for political violence and international law as well, would recommend those classes to anyone. lots of reading, but def worth the effort!
I can sum this lady up in one word, AWESOME.
Intelligent, discussion based, easy grader, no attendance policy, GREAT
Class starts with discussion of current events. It is fun. She is nice.
Awesome teacher
Very smart & loves teaching. Unbiased...couldn't tell if liberal or conservative
Best advisor for Model U.N. We win alot of awards.We got first place in Brazil.
you all are off your rockers, dion you know vlachos is the best cheg teacher i've had.. knows his stuff, makes sure you understand, and he has a good sense of humor
She really knows what she is talking about. If you want to learn, then take her. Her cursive is sometimes out of control, but she's great in every other area.
communicates very well, and gives fair tests with lots of partial credit
She is a GREAT teacher. She cares about her students and wants them to do good. She is extremly nice, and will stay after class to help a student if they need it. She cares about attendence.
Wonderful woman. Very sweet, will help anyone who needs it.
Sister Ann is fantastic. She knows her math, explains it well, and is very willing to help. I am a HS math teacher now, and what I learned from Sister Ann in History of Math & in Abstract Algebra is excellent for my job. One of the best for sure!
Great teacher & proficient mathematician! It was a challenge to ace one of her tests. Honestly, any of the less-than-perfect scores you see here are most likely the result of students who either didn't show up to lecture, or bother to complete homework.
Sr. Ann is one of the all time greats. She's why I majored in math.
Honestly my favorite SOE professor Ive had at UMaine. He takes what he does seriously and genuinely cares about his students. Some of the material can be tough but hes willing to put in the extra effort to make sure everyone that wants to succeed will succeed.
Solid teacher and lecturer, material is difficult but he makes it a goal to make sure you understand the material. I definitely recommend, favorite ECO professor so far.
he is great and love to be in his class all the time. he has made econometrics very easy and practical for me now.
clearly presented material
Very helpful and willing to work with his students so that they can get a good grade!!! He can be boring at times and dry but he is one of my favorite professors!
Don't go to class with a hang over!
Awesome professor! I absolutely loved her and the class. If you go to class, and study the textbook, you will do fine. There are three exams and a final. The exams are multiple choice. Loved the class.
Great professor, she really knows what she's talking about. She brings in a lot of movies and articles that tie the course material into the class. Not a whole lot of work, 3 reflection papers for the semester that are pretty easy and two exams. Just go to the lectures and take notes! Overall great class.
Easy A, don't bother with the book show up to class one in a while and study the note packet good before the test and you'll do fine. Lots of extra credit too!
Class can be interesting. Buy the course packet, don't waste money on the book - you don't need it at all. Not too hard, just study the notes hard core and it's an easy A.
so easy! everything is in ur notes! boring class but not hard
GREAT LECTURER! easy to understand but the T.A.s are the one that grade your test. 2 TEST each has 20 MC, ID's, choice of 2 long essay topics. Review for both TESTS are on SYLLABUS! RECOMMEND. if u are a slacker dont take this CLASS! u need THE BOOK, it really helps
Very interesting lecturer. Uses lots of technology to help illustrate the time period he is talking about. He uses powerpoint, videos, music, and art to help put us into the time period. I found his class to be extremely interesting.
I took both semesters of history with him. Clayton (TA) grades harder than Albert and Elizabeth. With Clayton I got a B+ and with Albert I made an A. Lectures are interesting - he sounds like GIlbert Gottfried - anyway, lots of videos, Exams are short answer with Multiple Choice and an essay based on a book.
Simply incredible.
he's a great lecturer...he actually kept me awake which is good because i HATE history. he gives u chances to raise ur test grades by 15 points. his ta's elizabeth and albert are GREAT but yea clayton sucks n u better hope he doesnt grade ur test cause hes a hard grader. Make sure u go to Eliz. n especially albert review sessions before the test.
Mintz is the best teacher ever! Should absolutely take. Even though u only get 2 tests the class is easy. Lectures are very interesting and helpful. Takes it straight to the point & u don't actually fall asleep.
Mintz is THE best prof i have ever had. So entertaining and brilliant. Trust me you will learn a LOT in this class if you take him and are in no danger whatsoever of falling asleep =) he also has this XMEN Wolverine hair thing going on pretty cool guy.
Good teacher
Before coming in his class, I already knew he was a good prof. He really is. Tests are pretty easy, prior each test, I crammed the night before and got an A for the class. Just BE SURE to attend all lectures, read his online essays, and you'll do great!
Very interesting class. He talks in a way that would make you stay awake. Uses a lot of movie clips. only 2 tests and no finals. all essay questions are given ahead of time. study your notes and you'll do fine. and do the quiz in the back of the book.
cool teacher, good lectures keeps you awake, do all the extra credit b/c there are only 2 tests and he does not curve, shows alot of video clips to depict the feel of the material
Very cool teacher! He is very helpful in assisting the students for their needs. He really cares for your learning, if you care enough to ask for help.
mintz is a great prof. he knows a hellalot and is able to keep you focused. i didn't really care for history until i took his class. his video clips are a plus too. just study for those tests and you'll be fine (and do your quizes).
Great professor; easy to listen to/learn from.
Dr. Mintz is great & looks like Honest Abe. Excellent lecturer, with great stats and facts. Took lots of extra upper level history just to take his classes (as a Psych major). A++++
Fascinating man. Changed major to history just so I could take more classes from him.
Dr.Mintz is the best!!! he is so knowledgable and fascinating!
This Guy Knows Everything!
WELL PREPARED AND A GREAT LECTURER
WOW! Why are people so worried about attendence! Just go to class! While had her for 1303 and last minute for 1304 and I was glad. She does have a PhD in English so she know her stuff. Stick, yeah because the nature of the class. Writing in college is important. I had learn a lot from her. I was very stupid before entering her class and came out wi
It was an online course for me. Can you follow directions? Yes. Can you follow directions really well? Yes. Should you take this course? Yes, if you're willing to follow directions thoroughly. I did exactly what she wanted, and got an A. Most people don't if they don't do what she asks. Yes, she's detailed, but she's no monster either. She helps
Her grading is extremley thorough, she wants to leave no room for opposition in your paper. I got a C+ in the class but thats only because i wasnt really trying! Attendance is mandatory, 6 absents and your out. Its your last composition course so you might as well sign up for s/o that knows what they're taling about and suck it up!
Great class. She loves what she teaches, and it shows. Everyone that takes her class has the opportunity to excel in it, you just have to put forth the effort, and just ask if you have any questions. As for tardies - higher classes warrant fewer rules. If you're taking 1301, you're not that far from high school, so suck it up and deal with it.
So awesome! he was the reason i took the class- he's just as much fun as i hoped
BEST PROFESSOR IVE HAD.....every class was worth going to. He taught in stories which made it easy to remember. He was very funny and that accent is the best.Kind of reminded me of Paul McCartney. Plus he scaled his test over ten points each time so if you fail there is something extremely wrong with you.
By far the best and most personable professor I've had. Made excellent examples that stuck in my head. Long as your actually do your work, you will pass fine. Even though i passed with a C, i thought it was far. Bought him a Cigar, since he deserved it.
Funny, charming, interesting teacher and facinating topic. I'd take it again!
brilliant, and a genuinely nice person.
Professor Roscoe is awesome. He is intelligent, funny and seems to genuinely care about his students and the material he is presenting. If you actually attend lectures (which are both interesting and amusing) and do the reading you will have no problem with the class.
Great guy. Hilarious. Always talkign about when he got ****... Very easy to pay attention in class. Just do the reading and go to class (which you will want to do) and you have got it made.
Jim is the best! I found him extremely helpful, caring and honestly concerned about his students..and he isn't afraid to 'get dirty' in order to prove a point.
Wonderful class! Anyone who did poorly on his tests just did not study or come to class. He was more than fair - 20 pts added to the final. I learned so much from this class. He made the material very interesting
Professor Roscoe made class really fun and said so many stupid quotes that I began to write them in my notes. . . and they actually helped me remember what he'd been talking about! Plus, he stripped for us (he had clothes on underneath, but still). He r
Class was always a blast, really made learning fun. Especially the last class where he demonstrated how clothes make the man ^_~
He is a great teacher. I decided to double major in anthropology because of his class. There is a lot of reading involved, but he is extremely fair. It is a class well worth taking!
he's very funny and a very nice guy, however his class can be boring if you aren't into anthropology. this class is a lot of reading and you have to do it all to do well on the tests
I thought it was a little boring because anthropology really isnt my thing, but it is an interesting class and he's a good teacher and has great stories, and even does a little stip show on the last day of class...
might as well be called "professor roscoe takes a vacation"
I've had him for several classes. Although he was tough, he was fair, and I enjoyed his stories!
awesome teacher .. one of the best i've had .. very funny .. very clear/helpfull
Enough about his ex wife
Great teacher, really cares about his students.
best class ever, sad to see it end, c'mon,guy got applause at end of last class!
So interesting, good professor, great class, and he's hot:)
Made me want to live like the Yangoru do....
great class, was slightly distracted by the fact that i wanted the professor rar
AWESOME
the guy is great, funny stories are in abundance, class is worth taking
Amazing that he kept a 350 person letcture packed every class. Great Guy :)
Great professor
He definitely makes class worth attending! I've learned a great deal from him.
Take this class if you need to fulfill a gen ed, easiest A I've ever gotten.
Professor Munson is the best teacher at the entire University of Maine, if you are actually trying to do well in your courses and not just trying to pass by then you will gain so much from his knowledge. He is the gem of the University of Maine. He is efficient and organized, doesn't get much better than him.
I LOVED Professor Munson, I learned more from him than from any other professor in my whole life and no one should ever say he is a horrible teacher, that only reflects poorly on you. He graduated from Columbia University, that's where Barack Obama got his bachelors degree. Trust me when I say you are lucky to ever take a class with Prof. Munson.
Professor Munson is the BEST professor I have ever had and anyone who claims he cannot teach probably just didn't try hard enough in the course or didn't pay attention to his lectures. He is one of the smartest professors I've ever known and I admire his vast wealth of knowledge on issues of world religion and the situation in the middle east.
Awesome man; very knowlegable and very friendly. His classes are great
way cool prof.. very intell' and easy to listen to- jus show up for classes! :)
He is very smart and excited about the subject. Great class!
Very smart...nice guy
Ive seen a lot of bad reviews on here regarding the class and I cannot relate to those experiences what so ever. As long as you read the syllabus clearly and follow her instructions you will be just fine. Dont wait until last minute and ask questions early. She offered two opportunities for extra credit this semester and they were easy points.
Great professor! really knows his stuff and is willing to help you out a ton if you just ask or go to office hours
REALLY GREAT PROFESSOR! HE KNOWS HIS STUFF AND IS VERY GOOD AT TEACHING IT.
Professor Smith is one the best teachers I have ever had. She is ready to teach every day when she comes in. She is realistic with her grades; the class can sometimes be challenging, but it should be, and I have enjoyed it. This is a class that everyone should take
Very good teacher. She is clear, concise, and lets you know exactly how she will be grading EVERYTHING. Very good at responding to e-mails. Only downside--a little dry sometimes, but it's speech so it has to be difficult to make it captivating. Would recommend!
Donna is one of the kindest ladies around. Her class was extremely easy. If your going to take COM 201, take her! You do 4 speeches, in my class we did 3 because she had to go out of town. But she grades on your individual progress throughout the semester. Take notes when she lectures because all of that stuff is EXACTLY what she has on the final.
She is a great professor . Knows her topic well. Is very helpfull and understanding. She trys to challenge her students to help them step out of their comfort zones. I really enjoyed Donnas class. She is a great professor
I really enjoyed this class. She was really helpful and an easy grader. You'll like it if you take it, I bet.
This was my easiest class-a little too easy. I learned some new things, but not much more than I had learned in my high school speech class. I'm really glad I took the class though, because I had the opportunity to practice my public speaking skills and receive positive feedback.
the best teacher i've had at GV. she's so nice and pleasent, always has a smile on, which makes the class worth going to. the speech subjects are entirely up to you, topics are chosen by her. grades fairly easily, as long as you follow the requirements, prepare ahead of time and act respectful.
One of the greatest profs ever! Would highly recomend to anyone. Excellent class! Take it!
Easy class, great teacher. Enjoy!
Great professor, very nice, and clear on what she wants
Best prof ever - would take her again for anything - easy class nice lady
Sweetest teacher! Reminds me of my mom!
clear on what she wants, loved her! strict w/ attendance, don't say um
great lady, easy class, fun speeches - do your best, be vocal in class, get an A
ez...just dont say 'um' a lot and youll be fine
great person and helpful
Easy on the eyes and great prof.
Best professor at UDM!!
Tough professor on grades expects lot from students But he had almost change my level thinking to what can i do to what you cant do Overall Nice professor who has lot of values
you won't fully appreciate the hell he puts you through until the class is over!
Hardest and Best EE Prof
Truly inspirational. Very calm and laid back but still holds the bar high because he cares for his students and wants them to be their best academically.
Great class. A Lot of reading, but really interesting stuff! If you are interested to really learn about different religions- this is the class for you. Tests are fairly easy, but come mostly from the readings. The class is a bit too long and late in the evening. Father Kelly is an amazing teacher. You'll learn a lot, if you want to learn.
Great Professor, I enjoyed his class. You will do a lot of reading in this class. Father Kelly loves to hand out papers and more papers ( course packets) and every week brings in more reading material. lol A few tests and a few essay papers to write. Father Kelly is very knowledgeable in a lot of subjects. I highly recommend his class.
He's one of the smartest professors at the university. His course ranks as one of the best courses I've taken thus far.
Religion doesnt have to be boring
Old guy but a great teacher highly recomended
Easiest Math Prof at UofD
I took 4 classes with her and would take more if I could. She pushes you and makes sure you get what she's teaching. Some great extra credit opportunities. She's very involved with the school and Part of the MICPA. She holds events that help you get interact with CPAs and many others in the Accounting world. 5/5 Teacher all around!
I've been at Schoolcraft for a while and have had a variety of professors. Professor Randall is one of the greats. She is very involved with her class (online learning). Just do the work and you'll pass. Save your answers from the hw/quiz and the test is a breeze. Also she gives out the most extra credit work I have ever received from a teacher.
I really enjoyed Accounting 202 with Professor Randall! She is very compassionate and really wants her students to excel. She makes it very clear of what is expected of the class and always answers any questions. She offered quite a bit of extra credit which was very helpful! The workload was very manageable.
This professor is compassionate. she is a real CPA btw I had her for acc 202 after taking her for 201 and this class was 12 week and it was moving fast. I lost a lot of points just missing hw and even an exam. I was so close to passing the class with the final and I used her VERY GENEROUS extra credit opportunities to pass the class. great person.
Great professor! She really knows her stuff and is a real accountant. The class was typical effort but the use of Wiley plus made it really easier, very helpful.
We're halfway through the (Fall2020) semester and I'm finally doing extremely well in this class while I struggled last semester with another Professor (before I dropped). She makes ACCT so much easier to understand even though we're meeting for class remotely (which I'm not a fan of). I'm so glad to have her as my Professor this semester!
She a caring woman, but she makes you work for your grade.
Very good professor.
She is amazing! If you participate during lectures and take notes theres no reason not to do well in her class. The homework/quizzes/tests are straight off of what she teaches. She actually cares about making sure everyone understands before moving on in lecture. Also she gives a ton of chances for extra credit! Such a great professor!
The best accounting teacher ever! Randall makes you work hard while making it fun. Accounting has a ton of homework no matter who's teaching. Definitely wants her students to be successful and will do everything she can to help! Wish she was teaching my grad classes!
Great teacher, she really brings the class together. Expect Homework its accounting there will be a lot of homework regardless of who you take. She cares about student and will answer questions in class.
Simply put, if you're studying Accounting at Schoolcraft, or have an interest in the subject, Professor Randall is for you. Her lectures are awesome, and everyone in the class becomes friends because she breaks the ice at the beginning of the semester. She is a very tough grader, so come ready to learn and go the extra mile outside of class too!
Ms. Randall is one of the most passionate teachers on campus. She knows her stuff and explains all things clearly. However the homework, quizzes, and tests are HARD so be prepared to work! She does offer extra credit so take it when its given!
One of the greatest teachers ever! She helps us understand the work and makes it fun. The exams are the toughest! Overall, fairly easy class, just keep up with the homework and show up to class.
I wish she could be my teacher for every class...no joke. She's funny and real and will give you tons of examples and go over things until you get it. She makes you feel comfortable and no question is ever stupid. Be ready for class involvmen, but not scary, fun!!!
Good deal of homework. Does offer to assist you in anyway
Ms. Randall is awesome. She makes the class interesting & fun and is willing to work with you, if you ask her to.
Very helpful teacher. Pick her if you want someone that cares.
AWESOME
Best Accounting Teacher ever. Accounting is very tough but she made it fun and understandable. I dont know why anyone would take it online, I never have or would. I recommend her though to anyone!
MRS Randall is very very helpful she is an excellent teacher to take for this ard subject it doesnt matter whether or not u think u will get it she will make sure you do get it she is very passionate and if someone doesnt understand she will explain it a different way she is awesome take her if you want to learn
Very hard class, lots of work (online). Teacher is awsome, makes sure you learn the material. I enjoyed this class and learned a lot from it.
Michelle is an amazing teacher. She is very strict and assigns a lot of work, but you will learn very much from her. She clarifies everything and is always willing to help. She enjoys teaching and makes you enjoy her class. I would take this professor over any other accounting professor at Schoolcraft.
some of the material was hard to understand, but Ms. Randall helped us through it.
Very helpful, enthusiastic teacher. Makes difficult material easy to understand.
I find the last comment hard to believe. Mrs. Randall is a very good teacher and instructor. She lays out the class very clearly at the start. The class is hard, but that's what you should expect from a college accounting class. If you failed her class or got a 1.9, then that is what you earned. Stop crying about it.
Great teacher!! If you plan on going to scholl to learn take Mrs. Randall. She is the best teacher I had at Schoolcraft!! Smart, fun and challenging.
She is great. I had a lot of professors along the way,I think she is one of the best teachers I ever had. Yes, she is demanding, but it should be that way. We are in school to learn, and that is what she does. She is very clear, helpfull, she will repet the same thing many times.All you have to do is be in class and be willing to sudy hard.
Very good teacher. she will explain everything very well and if you do your homework and ask questions when it comes to the quizes you will do fine, but be prepared to study and do all your homework.
She is such a good teacher!! She will help you with anything you need and is very clear on covering everything! I would highly recomend her to anyone.
I started taking accounting 201 from another professor and ended up dropping it because I was so lost! Randall is the best accounting teacher at Schoolcraft, very helpful, funny, doesn't make the class boring- you should definitely take her!
This class was one of the best i have ever taken. She is a great teacher that knows all the ins and outs of Accounting. TAKE HER!
Hard topic taught by a very knowledgable and helpful professor. She always answers questions thoroughly and thoughtfully. I've had her for 2 classes now and will take more acct courses with her. She's one of the best I have had at SCraft.
Michelle Randall is a great teacher. She genuinely cares about her students and is always willing to help. There's always a review before every test so we know exactly what to study. Any accounting course takes a lot of work and practice. Don't take this course if you're not interested in learning.
A great online class if you are a motivated student. This class is not a good for someone looking for an easy online course. Professor is accessible and knowledgable. Accounting is a hard subject and takes ALOT of work and practice
Great teacher! One of the best at Schoolcraft. Very nice and understanding. Cares about her students. Likes to make it fun.
Very challenging course, but the instructor explains things very well. In the end I felt like I really learned the material.
Great Teacher. Explains things very well.
she is a wonderful teacher!
Teacher is very easy. Just pay attention. He shows you over and over AGAIN what is on the test, and the test is exactly the model diagrams he puts on the board. If you dont understand, just raise your hand. Several people got A's and B's.
Cutest old lady ever. She is always willing to give extensions, and she enjoys treating her class like family. She does assign a lot of reading, but it is not graded
She is an awesome professor! I loved this class so much! Theres a couple big assignments where you answer questions about the books you read but they aren't hard, just long. The tests were tough but straight from the study guides so if you do the study guides you will be fine! Overall, class is super easy, fun and she cares! Take this if you can!
TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HER!!! She is amazing! I even had to go back home for a few weeks for family stuff and she gave me so many extensions and was so understanding! Most homework is through Cengage. Even when I got things wrong, she would still give me a high grade and email me why some of my answers were wrong. I cannot recommend her enough!
I totally failed this class, but not it had nothing to do with Profesora Wright. She was THE KINDEST professor I have ever had. She genuinely cares about her students + she actually takes into account how COVID is affecting us. The course is very hard, but not because of her, but rather learning a foreign language is hard and time-consuming.
She knows her Spanish literature! Her accent isn't all that great, but she does get her point across. There is a lot of reading and analyzing, but this is to be expected from a literature class. If you do all of the readings and you will be fine. Although the lectures were boring, the readings were interesting. I learned a lot about Spain.
Loved her. Hated the class. Too much reading all the time. Be prepared to read a lot and discuss a lot. She is very flexible and helpful though, easier grader than Coolidge.
Excellent professor. She is very intelligent and very passionate about what she teaches. She is very leniant, understanding, and pretty easy too. This is the third time I've had her and I would love to have her again! I will miss her when she goes on her sebatical. :(
A lot of work, but great professor! I will take all the courses she has! I liked her a lot!
She is a great professor. She can be boring at times, but she is very helpful and will get you through if you let her.
She's a great prof. Don't be late! Do the readings and participate in class. She's animated and enthusiastic, I totally recomend her. Although she is passionate about her interests, she is mindful of other's interests! Take her if you can!
wonderful class, wright uses grace and passion when she teaches. love this class
Great prof....she's always willing to discuss things further and help students.
An absolutely incredible professor. One of the kindest and most caring that I've had at Rhodes. He is so knowledgeable and able to communicate information in a way that is effective and accessible. I've adored having Professor Nelson - he is amazing!
Professor Nelson is my favorite professor that I have taken at Rhodes.
Nelson has given me one of the most positive experience with a prof. since I've been at Rhodes. He's extremely intelligent and knowledgeable, has a great sense of humor and sincerely cares about what his students have to say. He expects hard work, but he makes the course very enjoyable. Very approachable, and willing to work with students needs.
Great professor, but definite master of the obvious. Drink plenty of coffeem however, before you have a 3 hour class with Mr. Nelson. Fair grader and will probably open up his house to students. Recommend taking at least 1 class with while at Rhodes.
An expert in his field, his American Presidency class is a MUST at Rhodes... Knowledgeable, thoughtful, engaging, and kind. Can't say enough good things about this prof.
I loved this professor. He is very friendly and respectful; he expects you to do your work and gives you flexibility in return.
wonderful professor all-around
I didn't appreciate her until I began to teach first graders. Without her knowledge of math manipulatives and math activities, math would be dreadful for my little ones. She is old and confused but she does know her stuff!! (at least for the higher level edu classes)
She is very helpful when it comes to anything you come to her with! She is so nice and she always helps you with anything you need!
Very helpful and takes the time to meet your needs as a student!
She was very tough when I took her (quite a few years ago now), and at the time, I was not fond of Professor Hamilton. However, shortly after taking her course. I realized I had actually learned a great deal and benefited from her tough and honest style. I am a far better editor today because of her course.
Dr. Hamilton is the professor I think everyone needs to have atleast once. I learned so much from her. You do have to earn your grade and it's not super easy class. She does grade fairly, is always there to explain. She's like the Gramma that happens to know English like the back of her hand. Great Prof and I suggest taking her if you want to learn
i loved this professor, she is always clear in her assignments and grades fairly. if you go to class and participate and just DO WHAT SHE SAY (which can be a lot) you'll get a 4.0 like i did.
I really love Prof. Hamilton, she just used to talk a lot sometimes. I guess all RHT classes had to do a paper, but we had a 15-20 page research paper to do (that was a pain).
Best writing teacher at OU.
Very helpful, you can learn a lot from her if you try and do what she says
She was always willing to help. And a very nice lady. I actually learned a lot form her.
Alice is a great professor and has made me fall in love with the politics of Southeast Asia. The region is a great case study for an aspiring IR, Asia Policy major. I would say, however, this class is not easy. You have to work so hard writing 4 papers, 1 midterm, and 1 final (both blue book.) 2nd Writing! I expect a B, but I know I truly learned.
She's my favorite teacher so far. She's really passionate about what she teaches, I've never learned so much in one class. She's a little bit crazy, but it makes the lectures more fun. The UN Simulation at the end is really fun.
Intellingent professor. Too many readings. Doesn't share slides so try to record her lectures to listen back on. Four papers based on readings. 2 mainly essay-based exams.
Prof Ba is respected in her feild and an inspiration in the classroom. She is consistent and a joy to listen to because she is clearly passionate. There are a lot of readings, but I found them very helpful. Before this class I knew nothing about SEA and now I feel like I know more than I ever expected.
Professor Ba is my favorite Professor. She knows her stuff and can articulate it unless she gets behind and starts umming a bit much. She is very approachable and is available to meet with students during office hours and by scheduled visits. The simulation at the end is a great experience and fun. Papers can be a little challenging, A+++++ Prof.
This is a great class, but requires A LOT of reading. Quizzes, discussion papers,quiz questions, and the final are very straightforward. Professor Ba is very helpful and enthusiastic. If you do the readings, you will do well in the class.
Ba is awesome. She knew everybody's names in a class of 70 and instead of lectures she tried to promote discussion. The best part of her class was the UN simulation at the end. The UN simulation was so much fun and informative. This class was great, though lots of reading and writing. She is the best in more ways than one. Take BA.
TAKE HER FOR 240!! The class is awesome, especially the UN simulation at the end. You'll learn sooo much.
interesting class, Ba is a very nice woman who is definetly willing to help. ONly drawback is she's not too clear on what will be on exam, exams kind of hard and it is A LOT of reading. If you don't have time to read, don't take!
Great instructor and VERY easy on the eyes.
Great class and oh what a woman.
Took as GrpC:So far, my favorite. Difficult! Incredibly relevant& Ba is awesome
Ba is a great professor and class is easy if you do the readings.
You have to do the readings to get anwhere in this class.
phenomonal teacher. prepare for class. awesome class discussions.
You have to do some reading outside of class, but there is no homework for the most part. Just sometimes if you have a program you need to finish before the next class period. Extra credit is offered on a lot of assignments. The assignments and stuff aren't hard, and are fun thinking challenges.
Professor Bahorski was the perfect professor to teach the intro to programming course, she's kind and super cool, doesn't make you feel bad for asking questions and knows how to make class fun.
Super fun, made me really enjoy programming. Dr Bahorski should always be your first choice when picking classes. A little distractable, but that can be nice as opposed to the usual boring programming lectures.
Dr. Bahorski truly cares about her students and wants them to succeed. If you are not understanding something in her class she is extremely flexible and understanding. She is what all professors should aspire to be like. I wish she could teach the whole program.
Great Professor. The class required a fairly large load of homework between projects, papers, threaded discussions, and quizzes. The class will keep you busy, but the she is very passionate and energetic about the topics and she grades fairly! Quite a bit of extra credit opportunity.
She does go off on tangents a lot, but otherwise, one of the best professors in the comp sci department. She does a very good job helping you understand the course material, and I had the easiest time in her class compared to any other comp sci professor. You have labs every week, but if you know the structure of what to do, it will be easy.
Professor Bahorski was overall a great professor to work with. She gives clear deadlines the first day of the semester and keeps in contact with students all semester long. The class was easy with her as a professor.
She always makes sure the class has a complete understanding on a subject before moving on. The textbook is more of a supplement, and she let's you use it to check your answers during the last 5 minutes of a test. When she's programming up on the board, follow along with her.
Zenia is such a sweet teacher and all she wants to do is help her students. The work was easy the teacher,though extremely bubbly, is nice; if you have to take COSC 111 take it with Zenia, your semester will be a lot less stressful
Zenia is easy, nice, thorough, and clear. Most organized prof at EMU. Grades updated quickly online. Lots of easy filler material in case you get bad exam grades. Took COSC 101 and 111 with her. 101 was easy. I took 111 because I wanted an easy A, but that wasn't the case (it was more intensive). Still not bad. If you want a COSC class choose her.
Dr. Bahorski is super nice and understanding. As long as you show up and do the work assigned--which is really easy--you're guaranteed an A. She has loads of extra credit opportunity so even if you miss a few quizzes you can still pass with a high grade.
Great class, great prof. Assignments were easy, exams were open book and take home, no excuse not to get an A. She's extremely nice, smart, and helpful, classes were fun, interactive, and social. I loved this class, she's a great prof, I'd suggest this class to anyone
This was probably the best organized class I have taken thus far. She is approachable and extremly fair. If you fail this class it is definately your fault because there is enough extra credit built in to to earn whatever grade you strive for. I wish other professors had her enthusiam for there subjects.
TOTALLY AWESOME! Easy A and very fun!
She si very sweet, and entusisatic about computers. She is very understanding of conflicts, and easy to reach outside of class. The class itself is very easy, just do all the extracredit and homework. Overall the class is boring, all the slides are in the back of the course pack.
THIS CLASS IS REALLY EASY AND BORING. JUST DO THE HOMEWORK, LABS, AND EXTRA CREDIT...THEN IT IS AN EASY A.
I would highly recommend this professor. She is super cool and she makes the class practically imposible to fail. Quizes are in groups, assignments are easy, and there is a lot of extra credit. Take her for this class!
Easy class, great professor. Very engaging and a lot of fun and clearly enjoys what she does. I highly recommend her!
You'll get no complaints from me.
Incredibly oring class, but also extremely easy. There is a lot of work involved, lots of labs and papers and extra credit, so it is easy to do well, but time consuming. The material isn't even a little interesting, but it seems to excite her a great deal. Whatever blows your skirt up, I suppose.
very nice lady, makes class interesting and relates the info to you... lots of extra credit, tests are on a nice curve, go to class for the quizzes(every class) and homework though... read the book and it will help a lot, no need for notes, its all in the coursepack! recommend her!
alright
she make a boring class much more excitng.
Really good with website design, very friendly, understandable and helpful
Still love this guy, but be forewarned- Natural Disasters (geol303) is A LOT more difficult than his 101 class! I recommend printing out the practice tests and making notecards for each question at least a week before the exam because there is a ton of information that you need to memorize to get at least a B!
Take this class. Great teacher who loves his job. Offers tons of extra credit. Memorize the sample tests and watch the video reviews and you can't go wrong.
At first, Dr. Girty is intimidating, but once you take an interest in the subject, he's helpful and easy going. He needs to know you're serious about learning. The material is tough, and extremely challenging. 1/2 field, 1/2 lecture. It was one of the most rewarding classes I've ever taken. Not a class to 'just get the grade' in.
Took his online class with tests taken in person on Saturdays (4 tests). Everything is on his website (readings, videos, practice tests, etc). Doesn't take much to read his stuff, watch the videos and do practice exams. Easy A. I would recommend watching the video in the morning before you take the exam...worked for me!
hes the HEAD OF THE GEOLOGICAL SCIENCES DEPARTMENT. He obviously knows his stuff. Class was EZ. Gives 10% extra credit on each of the 4 tests. i studied the night before each and got 103/100, 105/100, 101/100, 108/100.
I took the online class. No textbook necessary, tests Saturday mornings. I did nothing for this class until the night before and passed. if you are good at memorizing definitely take this class with a letter grade, if not, do it pass/fail. he gives extra credit on the exams, and was really friendly the few times i saw him.
I took this class online and it was a really easy A. All you have to do is study the CD right before the tests to get an A because he gives so much extra credit.
I got an A+++. I got 108/100 average on all of his tests..... Well... I am a geology major. Hes a little old. I want to become a professor one day and hes not really want I call an exciting guy. But hes not bad at all. Take him.
you never have to go to class!! Because his tests are his are the exact same as his practice exams just take the practice exams and put each question on notecards and memorize the QUESTION & ANSWER because sometimes he changes where the blanks are in the questions!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
This professor was easy to understand his lectures. Attendance is not mandatory. There is no book, just buy the lecture CD for $15. I don't recommend you buy it because he has a free internet site with all the lecture notes, same as CD. I recommend you study the STUDY EXAMS and he gives re-take exams. I studied hard core and his FINAL is very hard!
He gives you the information...it is up to you to study for the tests. If you study you will pass
great class, absolutly loved it
Such a simple Class. Don't have to show to class except for review sessions were he basically reads out the answers to the exam. Just Memorize the practice exams and your basically gauranteed an a. He's pretty chill. Best Class ever!!
One of the easiest classes and yet some people couldnt get an A/B?!? He tells u the first day, exam qs based off practice exams, so make sure you know them. Just don't memorize only the answer as i assume lots of ppl did, its fill in the blanke at diff spots. Easy EC pts too cuz he wants u to get an A. Not hard to get over 100 on all exams.
Gary is the man. His love for the subject helps to keep you interested during the lectures. He is really nice has a great attitude. I like geology so I didn't go to class and read on my own and got an A-. The tests are all memorization.
I personally find geology boring but he did have some good stories to tell. His love for the subject made it interesting when he was lecturing.
This guy is really easy. Always cuts class short and tells you EXACTLY what will be on the exams. Lectures are totally optional. No homework, 4 exams. If you memorize the practice exams and go to the lecture before the test you will know EVERYTHING! Easiest A at this school!
the online course is easy, but study the practice exams; the exams are almost identical. i got a c because i had to work on one exam day; if you show up, youre basically guaranteed a b.
took online. if u take it. take it for credit no credit. He wasnts everyone to do well. But if u r a procrastinator, definitely go CR/NC. Memorize practice exams. He replaces different words. 4 exams, all fill in the blank. F if u don't study
He is the most awesome and understanding teahcer in the world. Took him ofr online course. IT wsa great. Study alot before tests form practice exams and you're good!
This class is easy if you can memorize things however fairly difficult test becuase they are all fill in the blank. Usually a curve unless the class does well on the tests. Would reccomend though if you do not like to put that much effort in you can still probably get a B. Doesnt give out +/-.
Awesome, first teacher I ever had as a college student...I walked in and he told us to return our book, buy his $3 CD and that we never had to show up on Fridays because he wouldn't be there. His lectures are very clear, practice exams on CD are just like tests.
Easy Class...take the online course. Study the practice exams with your life for the tests. The tests are on Saturdays but you only think about the class 4 times in a semester. No book either instead you just buy the cdrom from Girty for 3 bucks.
Is an easy pass or B as an online course. I just memorized the test questions that are exactly the same on the exams and only studied the nights before the 4 exams, class is cake, didn't cause any stress, is actually a nice guy if you speak with him.
Great guy. Take this class credit/no credit, print out the practice exams, memorize them with your life, and go in and take the exam. It's that simple. He won't fail anyone. Curves the exams so that no one will have below 60%.
This is the coolest guy ever! Take this class!
Book is online or on disc (only costs $5), practice exams online are almost exact replicas of the actual test, lectures optional, easy A
Very Cool. Very straight forward
Mr. Fatka is the most amazing teacher at MCC. He takes the time to carefully grade every little bit of information in your papers and his lectures are very informative. If you would like to learn a thing or two and have great feedback on how to improve your English and Communicative skills, take his class! Mr. Fatka is extremely intelligent!
He taught me how tospeak in front of people in the correct manor. His oral communications class is the first class you should takeif you wish to do well in college
Best teacher I ever had. Taught me to think critically. Had confidence in all papers I wrote after taking his class. Those who didn't like him didn't like to do the work. He works harder than the students. Amazing and smart. Listens to everyone. Is very fair and requires opinions to be backed up with facts. Learned the most from this teacher.
Same views I have for all of Fatka's classes, and I have taken more than one. I have even take Fatka's classes for electives because of the way he teaches and who he is. Exceptional, intelligent, and really cares about his students, male and female. Maybe some just aren't ready for college!
I absolutely love this guy! He isn't easy, but he isn't particularly hard either and he's really fair. Some other commenters stated that he's liberal. This is true, but this would never influence how he graded a student. His classes are fun and interesting.
Had a lot of fun in his class. He kept our attention and made students interested in the material. Really helped teach students how to write papers well and understand readings. HIGHLY recommended!
Jim is very witty, and he easily grabs the students attention. He has a teaching style that all teachers should posess.
He is very funny, knowledgable, and a easy A to those that deserve one.
Very good course to take for a natural science credit. Professor Eder gives you fill in notes and all tests are open book open note.
Very good professor and is excellent when it comes to lecturing. The material taught is a bit difficult and quizzes are given every chapter. Exams are also difficult
You'll have a couple of quizzes and a couple of exams but it's not that hard. If you're looking for an easy elective, take this class. Guy is funny too.
Really great instructor! He gives us the template for the notes and fill out as we go through the lectures. Tests are not difficult, but are open note. If you miss a day of class, you will have to get that days notes from a classmate.
Mr. Eder was amazing, his lectures were very engaging, and he is very passionate about what he teaches. I loved every class and would take all of his classes. Tests and quizzes are very straightforward, but not super easy. Just come to class and pay a lot of attention, otherwise you will fail.
I really liked Dr. Eder. I felt the exams and the quizzes were very fair if you paid attention in class. I bought the book and read the chapters, but I don't think it's necessary to pass the class. He definitely knows his stuff and he made learning interesting.
Dr. Eder is a great professor. Makes weather interesting and gives you everything you need to achieve. Only gripe is that he can be long winded but he makes up for it in how easy the quizzes and tests are. His fill in the blank notes are clutch.
This was such an easy class. If you're looking for a natural science class solely to meet a GEP requirement, this class is a great. The tests and quizzes are all straight from the notes and you can also find a majority of the questions on quizlet. Just watch the lectures and take notes and it's an easy A. Definitely take this class with him.
This class is so easy if you do the bare minimum you'll definitely get an A. All of the tests and quizzes can either be found online or the answers are in the guided notes. He is super chill and gives you several days to take the quizzes and tests. If you're looking for an easy GEP credit definitely take this class!
Easy A class, good teacher but can be boring. Just do the study guide/study the blanks in the notes and you will get 100s on all the tests. TopHat attendance code
The class is lecture heavy so it's easy to fall asleep, but you can tell he's passionate about what he teaches and he tries to make it fun. There is a quiz like every two weeks or so and four exams. The final exam is cumulative, but study and you will be fine in this class.
Super passionate about the subject but understands that many people are just trying to fill a gen ed requirement. Is willing to help you out and always shares about weather for the football games :) A very nice man, pretty interesting class. Print out the notes and follow along in class and study a decent amount for the tests and you will be fine.
Easy A. Show up and pay attention to notes and review the practice test before hand and you should have no problem. Does attendance with tophat. He understands most people are just there to fulfill a gen-ed requirement so he tries to keep it interesting. 3 tests and a final, pretty simple.
Prof Eder is a great guy. Really funny sometimes. Lectures are long and boring, but he gives fill-in-the blank notes before hand. You have quizzes that are basically just to record attendance. Tests are easy if you study the notes and read the textbook.
Funniest lecturer at NCSU
Great professor, one of the best. really nice, and makes class fun. extremely knowledgeable
Dr. Eder is straightforward which makes the class extremely easy. The tests comes from the mostly the notes, and some tables/pictures in the book. It's a bit boring, but I'ld take this class over chemistry/biology/physics/geology any day.
This class is easy if you are not a total ****.
Dr. Weisl was a very caring professor who actually made the reading interesting. The only downside is that she takes forever to grade things (sometimes over a month for multiple papers), which can be annoying, but it's also hard to do poorly on a paper, she's always available to help.
She is caring and allows you to revise papers if you need to. However, she takes forever grading the papers so you don't have time to revise them. She expects students to do extra "creative work" on top of the reading assignments and essays even though she never grades in a timely manner. She assigns a lot of work and expects a lot from you.
Weisl is an amazing woman. Take her if you like a challenge. She's fun, quirky, and a joy to have as a professor for any English class. You get as much as you put into the class. Grading is steep, but provides constructive feedback and criticism. She's a great human being in general.
Dr. Weisl is an excellent professor and is very passionate about the Medieval content we covered in Brit Lit I, particularly Chaucer. She taught us how to roughly speak Middle English and was always willing to share a good anecdote. I would definitely take her again because she is willing to work with you and respects her students.
Weisl is a goddess. Yes, she gives a lot of quizzes and they are really really hard, but her papers are fair, and rather easy. She's a medievalist so expect more focus on that than say Shakespeare. Super available for meetings or any questions you might have. Basically she's a great professor if you try, and you won't be disappointed.
Brit Lit II and Chaucer. Best professor ever, take her!
Excellent professor. Very knowledgeable about the material and is always willing to explain something further in person. Definitely one of the best!
Dr. Weisl is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Unlike many other professors, this professor will teach you a great deal on the subject she specializes in.
she is one of the best teachers i have had at the hall.. actually in life, she is awesome, no matter what your opinion she makes you comfortable to express it.. not nervous that you will sound dumb.. SHU needs more professors like her..
Very helpful and nice but you have to pay attention in class (no laptops!) and make sure you hand in all your papers on time. And she always knows when you haven't read the material.
A scarce professor in univeristies. Passionate and considerate about the subject matter and students. I butted heads with her early, but found her more than willing to help and talk with me about literature and life. The archetype of what humanities professors should be: caring, compassionate, and knowledgeable about their field and humanity.
without a doubt the most fantastic professor i have ever had. she is brilliant, funny and engaging. i strongly recommend you take any class you can with her!
Dr. Weisl was one of the best teachers I have ever had, in any level of schooling. As a history major, I had totally given up on writing well in favor of creating creative, logical arguments, but Dr. Weisl forced me to combine the two or face certain C-dom. Compelling, demanding and brilliant in her writings as well as in her methods, Dr. Weisl was an absolute necessity in the education of any SHU student. My aspirations would suffer greatly from not having her to look to for guidance and word choice!
Clear, exciting, and friendly, she makes material that could be dry and distant as immediate as today's news. One of the best professors I've ever had.
Best teacher this school has to offer...knows so much about so many things, but is also one of the nicest people you'll ever meet
lovely woman. excellent professor.
Absolutely wonderful professor... she is very caring and understanding, and makes class enjoyable. Her assignments aren't easy, but they aren't the most difficult things in the world. She's one of SHU's "Must-Takes"!!
Only woman I know who can talk about Beowulf in one minute and the Yankees the next! Very cool teacher!
Her stories are sometimes weird, but she's a fun and knowledgable teacher
Very sweet lady.
Awesome prof, unique sense of humor
A good teacher.
AWESOME professor. She's tough, yes, but she's fair. Great sense of humor.
A great professor! if you come to class and do the reading as well as participate in discussions you will do just fine. The papers given every couple of weeks are easy if you do the reading, and the lowest grade is dropped. I believe he is a great professor engaged and willing to help!
Really enjoyed Professor Estess class. He was articulate, clear, concise, and considerate. He allowed for an ample amount of class discussion and lectures werent heavy or boring. People who complain about reading too much probably shouldnt have come to college, let alone take an upper-division history course. All historians do is read and write.
I currently have Professor Estes for HST 114. Before I chose this class I didn't have much interest in History and have never really done well in it. Professor Estes completely changed my mind about history! His lectures are so easy to understand if you take notes the whole lecture you'll be fine! Great Professor.
He's a sweetheart but he thinks "repetition is the essence of teaching." It was like being put in a high-chair and fed bite-sized spoonfuls of pureed American history. I didn't feel challenged or motivated. I never read a single book for the class and still got a B. What was the point?
Awesome prof! Had the pleasure of being in his HST 114 Fall 2009 and absolutely loved it. Three 1pg papers, one 3 page paper and a final, how much easier could it get? You have to keep up with the readings though. Great class discussions, involves the class in discussion and debate. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED TO ALL!!!
Is the best professor I've had throughout college. I have had 5 classes with him and enjoyed each one. Fair grader (which means you actually have to read) and always available for help outside of class. And to the person below who hates him, if you have 2 degrees and 7 years of college, why are you still in a 100 level class?? Overall awesome prof!
Great prof. Very clear in what he expects in regards to papers and reading. Very approachable and helpful. Knows the subject and loves to teach it. Classy dresser.
Very nice. Cute in a dorky sort of way. Knows what he's talking about.
Ok this guy's ego is out of control, he loves hearing himself talk. I am a sophmore and the class is not that easy. I 4.0ed both RHT classes and was getting 3.0s or less on his papers that I thought were phenomenal. Something is wrong with his grading system. But the guy does know a lot about history. He also isn't too old or ugly.
Prof. Estes is one of the most intelligent men on OU's campus!!! He has high expectations...and he should...you are in college not high school!!! He will listen to his students no matter what, and he is always willing to help if he can.
I just love Prof Estes. His classes are so interesting and he's always making connections between history and politics today--it gets me thinking every time. Plus he's so cute--those stories he tells about his kids, very funny.
He is brillant. There is a good amount of reading, but nothing that is unusual for a HST class. Dont take this class with some one that you are likely to talk too. If you go to class everyday, pay attention and do the readings often then dont worry you will do just fine.
very knowledgeable and clear, easy to understand
Very knowledgable and interesting to listen to. Expects reading and work to be done but is fair in grading and very willing to help. Enjoyed the class and got a lot out of it.
He is the smartest hottest history prof alive
Was a very good prof. Must attend class but he makes lectures interesting and entertaining. Not an extremely hard prof. He grades fairly and there is not a ton of work. Only one test and the rest were take home papers.
Not a blow-off. Attendence is very important, you usually only get 2 freebee days then it counts against your grade. Great teacher and likes a lot of student participation!
He's totally hot and his teaching style reminds me of Bob Knight's coaching: it's better to be overdemanding than underdemanding.
Great teacher..very helpful..always asks for input and questions. Gets to the point and always makes sense
Great history teacher. He does make you write papers but as long as you get with him on how you can improve you are sure to make a good impression and you'r grade will show for it!
Extremely difficult, but amazing teacher. Highly recommended.
Best prof i have ever had here in my years at great OU
This class was great, Langlois was cool, its a shame he moved to NY. The man is definitely funny, and will keep you interested in the subject.
One of the best professors I've ever had. His teaching strategy kept me up to date on all areas of language. Best Japanese professor at Oakland by far.
Very funny class, guy was hilarious. But its pretty hard. If u dont go, dont expect to pass. Tests are pretty complicated, but if u study and go to class, u should do ok.
Very educated man! OU's finest! He has retired, moved to NY.
He is the best professor I've ever had. He really cares about every student, and he cares about his subject. If you get the chance to take a language class with him, do it. He gives a lot of homework, but it's worth it. I love Langlois-sensei!
very fun.
The tests can feel over whelming but there are only 2. If you study your notes and take his practice tests you'll do fine. He's really funny and just does a great job teaching.
Very funny professor. His test are hard, but if you study you should do fine. Only two exams and a paper due. He had lots of good movies that helped you relate to the ancient Japan.
He is THE BEST Japanese language professor you could hope for. He is organized, not only does he know the language, but he knows how to TEACH it. He takes time for each student individually. A mountain of homework, a lot of studying, a difficult class, but he makes you learn.
He is an awesome teacher! He makes class fun, he's got a very laid back teaching stlye. In JPN214, he gives out a lot of extra credit. On both the kanji and vocab quizes, you can get up to 5 points extra credit on each. I'm mad he isn't teaching 215 next semester!!
Great teacher, but you have to work for it.
best teacher ever!! Hilarious and very friendly! If you are willing to learn you will do great in the class! best and funniest class I have ever had, I looked forward to it every time!!!
I loved this guy...probably my favorite professor this far. Very funny, made a lot of good points, very good at making the course interesting. Lots of movies, easy exams...didn't do much reading and still got a 3.8 in the class. Highly recommended.
Lots of information. He lets you know what he is going to test over. Very helpful. I always recommend him.
Wonderful professor - combines education with fun. Interesting combination of information. Almost makes me want to take more classes with him. Keep up the great work.
He is very interesting and humorous.
A nice teacher who incorporates humor into his lectures.
He is one of the best i ever had .. so helpfull .. and really cares about attendance.. not an easy A
He is one of the best i ever had .. so helpfull .. and really cares about attendance.. not an easy A
He was awsome, he cares for his students and their grades. He's always available to help.
Everything good has been said about him. He is leaving in a year or so. If your are planning on taking Fields I make sure you go with colemans class. The other professor is a pain. Test are a challenge so study and get a hold of the TA for old tests, that helps better than the book
Dr. Coleman is one of the best teachers i had at uncc, his class is not easy, there is a lot of notes to write, teaches it very well and makes sure you understand everything. Great teacher, tells jokes often, some don't really make sense to anybody else but him but its still funny...great teacher
Very good teacher, easy to learn from, has a good sense of humor.
Much better than Tsu!!! He makes sure you understand top priority! Definently take to learn material. Makes it easy too. Rather than memorizing, he wants you to understand how and why it works.
Not hard, but he is just very clear. Never curves or gives you homework. Tests are long and certain to show if you really know the material. You'll never get out unless you know the material like the back of your hand.
Smartest man on the planet. Easy classes too. Never looks at you so you can sleep while your buddy takes notes.
doesn't matter if he talks to the board or walks out of class i think he's one of the best professors in the department. VERY!!! smart
I wish all professors teach like him..No stress for this class at all.
Awesome circuits II professor....beware, he randomly wanders out during lectures
Extermely knowledgeable in his field!Needs to maks his classes more interactive!
A new layout for class. Different but fun teaching style. like watching a stand up comedian. Has you look at topics in a new perspective. Projects are key and tests are not. My perfect type of class learned much more than anticipated. Others who like cut and dry orginized step by step classes may not like this one. Just use your imagination, havfun
Easiest class i have ever had. Both tests were either take home or group, gave everyone a 100% on the final. This is a class that you must take.
Best math teacher i've ever had. She was extremely nice, a fair grader, and made sure you understood everything - whether it be something small or big
Very helpful and a great teacher
Professor Bailey is absolutely one of the nicest professors at Oakland University. She really cares about her students, and shows strong interest. She's currently teaching the workshop for my Math course, and is doing a fantastic job.
the best math teacher I'VE EVER HAD! she's nice, funny, and just a good person. you must do the hw and attend class to pass.
Professor Bailey is the greatest math professor! She is fun, helpful, and actually wants you to pass the class.
You can tell she really cares about not failing people and she loves math. She's always in her office hours and she's always willing to help out and has extra study sessions before the exams if needed. If you're nice to her, she'll be nice to you and give you the benefit of the doubt on homework. Her tests are fair, there are really no surprises.
She really is the best math teacher at OU. I dropped MTH 154 and took her class and I am doing real good. She really makes sure that everyone learns everything that she teaches and is very understanding of all circumstances. She is however straight spoken so if you are doing bad she will tell you. You should take her.
To put it plainly, she was the best math teacher i had ever had.
great prof. do not buy the book because she does not use it. BEST MATH TEACHER AT OU!!!
She was actually kind of rude to me. Halfway through the semester she pulled me aside and suggested that I drop the class because it "obviously wasn't helping me". Honestly this workshop is a waste of time and money...maybe if someone else taught it, things would be different.
Native speaker of English. Very personable. You can tell she enjoys her job. Willing to spend extra hours with students. Explains things in terms easy to grasp.
AWESOME TEACHER!!! She's not your ordinary arrogant and snobbish math prof. She takes the time for all to understand and has a gift for teaching! TAKE HER!!!
If she could teach every student taking Math at OU. Most of our parents would not have to pay for us to repeat a math cousre. She is very good at mathematics and teaching it to her students. I just understand it all when she teaching
awesome teacher...explains things till everyone understands...not too much homework, and tests aren't too bad!
An absolutely wonderful teacher. Very articulate, precise and thourough when explaining material. An average amount of work but it's well worth it!
A great professor, his lectures were super random and he would always let the class out early. TONS of papers.. 1 reading response due a week (8 total reading responses) and in addition there are 5 major papers that are a good percentage of your grade (overall total of papers written = 13). He lets you rewrite papers which is helpful in the end.
Loved my class with Professor Burns. He is very intimidating at the beginning of the course and that threw me off a bit but don't let that fool you. He is an amazing writer and he will push you to be better as well. He truly cares for his students and wants them to be great writers. His course has helped me tremendously since I took it.
His lectures are super interesting and he gives the opportunity for everyone to engage and share their opinion on topics based on the reading responses, such as livable wages, the education system, and morality. There are a lot of writing assignments, but you can rewrite 4 major assignments for full credit.
Short lectures
The class very inspiring and engaging and more like a conversation when in class. A paper due every week, sometimes two. Much more work than all other Engl110 teachers, so if just taking for credit, avoid. If you don't mind writing a lot, take this class because the in class discussions are worth it and you'll actually want to go to class.
Wonderful class. We had good class discussions and while this class does indeed require some work and effort, if you do the work and effort you defiantly get rewarded. Do not let the first few days make you switch because you will feel a little intimidated, however, this is one of the few people here who just wants you to learn and succeed.
Great guy.
Great professor. He comes off a little rude in the beginning but he really just wants the best for everyone. He is always available during office hours and is always willing to help and answers questions. There are about 4-5 major papers and the chance to do rewrites is always given. If you try your best getting an A is 100% possible.
Professor Burns may come off a bit strict on the first couple of days when he is laying out his expectations for his class, but, ultimately, he is a great professor. I had so much fun in his class and his ideas are easy to follow and spark your own imagination.
Burns is the man. He honestly wants you to do well and become a better writer. He lets you rewrite because you should learn from your mistakes. His class was really interesting, and he knows what he's taking about. He is a hilarious man and I have so much respect for him. Do yourself a favor and take his class.
Jim Burns is the man. Funny, engaging, and very fair, he wants you to succeed and become a better writer, and he is very good at helping his students realize this. Great E110 professor!
I say take him! Helpful and nice if you leave your attitude at home. Best English teacher at UD.
This guy rocks! Best English teacher ever. (and i'm conservative).
One of the funniest and most sarcastic proffessors I have had so far. He makes you write a lot but its worth it because he makes you a better writer. Definatley recommend him!
He gives a lot of work, but it's worth it. Professor Burns is one of the most inspirational human beings I've ever met. I learned so much from being in his class, and he really made all of us think. He genuinely cares about his students, and his lectures are always interesting. Once he brought in a sword and used it in discussion haha.
Politics of Science Fiction honors section. One of my favorite professors. He lets you re-write all major papers, and if you put any effort into them, you will get full credit. Lots of "little" papers, but they are just to get you to write. He wants his students to really learn about how to write well. Fun class, REALLY fun topic. I enjoyed it
Burns is awesome. He is really interesting and interested in how you write and wants everyone to get better. His grading is not hard because he lets you rewrite all your major papers. He's a great professor and is clear about grading. You have to do work, but it's not really hard to get a good grade.
Awesome professor! You can rewrite every major paper. He wants you to actually get better at writing. Interesting lectures (usually) if you even have lectures. Lots of class off to write etc. Helpful through conferences. Can be intimidating in class by being very blunt but is actually a nice guy.
LOVE him. He's such an interesting professor and his classes are interesting as well. He's a well-educated man and makes the class something to look forward to. He's always there if you need help and I recommend all of my friends to take a class with him. Awesome!
Burns <3. He is extremely undertsanding and helpful. Don't be afraid to go to his office hours if your having trouble writing your essay. He really want's you to do well and lets you rewrite all the major papers. It's hard not to get an A. LOVE that he says never let anyone tell you ignorance is a bad thing because it lets you grow and learn.
I had him first semester freshman year for honors E110, and it's easily the best class I've had. Really interesting guy, knows what he's talking about, and is genuinely interested in what he's teaching. Go to class, they're usually really interesting and the discussion is great. Rewrites of major assignments without penalty is a definite plus.
Take Burns for english!! The class is excellent and he is sure one heck of an interesting guy. My favorite professor so far here at Delaware. Class isn't too difficult, but there are a lot of writing assignments - make sure to put enough effort into reading journals and papers to get a good grade. Also, don't buy the bedford handbook,it's expensive
Great guy. Very interesting and entertaining class. All readings were short (aprox 5-10 min) and interesting. Class time consisted of a discussion and that is all. Awesome class!!
who cares if he's a liberal (the guy's some ex hippy). I learned to be a better writer. He has his opinions and wants you to be able to communicate yours. he never graded on my ideas, just on how good I wrote them. He's honest and very helpful, use his office hours and youll do good. fantastic teacher, one of the best!
this guy rocks! helpful and funny, take his classes. rewrites on major papers and interesting classes.
Great teacher who will do anything to help his students. Allows students to rewrite once for each major assignment, which is very helpful.
He is one of the best Engl 110 teachers. He's kind of a hippy but that doesn't matter cause he really does make class interesting. Not just when he talks but also in the assignments we do. Have a lot of reading journals to do (short) but can do them in 5 minutes. It's funny that he practically wears
I love this class! He is the best teacher Ive ever had in my whole life! He actually makes class interesting. The fact that hes a hippie makes it even better. Just do all the homework and come to class and you'll do well.
TAKE THIS WITH HIM. He is actually an interesting teacher and tries to pick topics that are also interesting. Very fair grader and allows rewrites on every paper. You have to write a lot of journals, but it's really not that bad. Great guy.
Best class I've had all semester! Jack Kerouac and the Beats were taught in an unforgettable way. He's very passionate, very fair and possibly the most thought provoking professor I've had all year. I made sure to never miss a class....
Willing to do anything to help the students. Nice and very approachable. Lots of work and mandatory attendance but you have to be "special" to not do well if you do all the work
Go to class!!! The only way you can get a bad grade if you don't do any work and never, I mean ever show up to class. You're also allowed to do rewrites without any penalty. Also go to the writing center, he will give you a better grade on your paper.
A great class, lots of discussion. grades are all papers, with rewites. Tough on attendance.
Excellent teacher. Willing to help, and easy to get an A. Rewrites on all papers. Tough on attendence (go to class, don't be late) but class discussions are interesting.
Great professor. Didn't even know he was just a grad student till the very end. Very open minded, honest and interesting person. He's strict about attendance but fair in grading paper, granting extensions etc. Take his classes!
only tough if youre afraid to work... uses his opinions to get you to think.
only class ive gotten an A in...good stuff
very nice...class discussions are interesting...extremely helpful
Great class-- no tests, just papers....can rewrite papers without a penalty.
Nice but weird guy. All papers but you can rewrite without penalty. Pretty easy
Disc. are fun & interesting. Prof. Burns is extremely understanding & helpful.
awesome teacher, fun class eventhough there is a lot of work
phenomenal teacher....one of the best i ever had......you will learn a lot
You had to read 2-3 research articles each week and give three detailed questions for each article. Be ready to attend class because it is a discussion-based course and it is worth 150 points! You have one midterm exam to which he gives the exact questions that are on the exam, one group presentation, and a final paper. Definitely an easy A!
He is a great professor, we read a couple of academic papers a week which is better than having to purchase textbooks.
I took psychology in high school adn this was still a class worth taking. I liked him and it wasn't too hard. Plus I think the class is jsut interesting even if you aren't a psych major.
He always makes lecture so interesting-very discussion based. Attendance is not mandatory but he does give random quizzes that you get credit just for being there. You have to read to textbook for exams but it is not difficult at all. Tests are usually not that difficult. He genuinely cares about his students' learning!
Great professor! Makes classes very interesting and applicable. I learned how to learn from this class. I took this class 2 years ago and I still use all the studying and note taking techniques he teaches. Dr. Wolfe backs everything he teaches with research and does a great job introducing students to real practical psychology. Again great prof!!
Super easy class if you do the work. He does expect you to put more time in reading-wise than some other classes, but as long as you do it should be an easy A. He does not put up with any excuses, but is a very approachable and friendly guy outside of class. If you don't understand something he is more than willing to help you outside of class.
As long as you do what is expected of you, you will do fine. Yes, you do need to read the textbook outside of class, but as long as you take notes and pay attention, you will do well on tests. Participate! It makes it more fun. He makes sure you understand, and brings up very interesting subjects. he's a GREAT professor!
Attendance wasn't mandatory and lectures could be dry, so going to class can be a challenge, especially early in the morning. He's a good guy; his class is a little tough, but you'll learn, so right on.
Go to class, pay attention and read the book.
You have to attend, lectures and slides are needed to pass. It's not a hard class, and he makes it really fun considering how dry the topics can become. The summaries will really help your grade and are really easy.
Great course and good prof. He knows a ton about psychology, which can sometimes leave your head spinning a bit. The only assignments you do for the course are 3/4 page assignments on psych. experiments. Test are difficult because you never know exactly what will be covered, so you'll need to make sure you read, attend class do assignments.
Hard class, excellent professor. I never missed a class, studied class notes and text for a full week before each exam. Got an A. If students did not do well, it was a lack of studying, not a lack of professor interest or clarity. You learn a lot about effective and ineffective ways of learning and studying which is a good thing to know in college!
The class is hard but if you go to class and listen and take GOOD and CLEAR notes you should do fine. Make sure you dont slack on the article summaries because those can make or break your grade. Overall he is very nice and helpful. Exams are hard.. essays sometimes seemed as impossible!!
enjoyed this class very much!
The class was awesome! Dr. Wolfe is an amazingly passionate teacher that cares about his field, classes and students. The lectures were stimulating and often left me in thought about the subject for extended periods.
Very fun class. He does an excellent job of giving examples. Very enthusiastic about topics. The tests are kind of hard but if you read and listen to him they're ok. He really makes you interested in cognition. And in a smart kind of way he's goodlooking
Prof. Wolfe is funny, nice, and knows what he is talking about. The class is designated a "Lab" class for a reason though - there are tons of studies you are expected to know, so if thats not your thing, find another class. READ THE BOOK!
Very easy. If you go to class and read the readings you will do fine on the tests. He puts all of his notes on line so during his lectures you can concentrate on what he is saying which made the class easier. He gives you a chance for extra credit.
A very good prof!!! Tries to make sure everyone understands....does a nice job explaining things. Goes in depth on possible implications for a studies results. Really makes you think. If you are going to be a teacher his class is a wonderful resource.
Tough tests until you figure out his system. I learned a lot about test taking strategies.
Excellent enthusiastic professor, and gifted in the art of teaching from his knowledge base. He incorporates a multitude of teaching styles, giving every type of learner the greatest chance for success. Sign up!
If you paid attention in class and skimmed the book, it was a piece of cake.
Lectures apply to real world classroom! Easy going!
I took him for 2 spanish class. The material was harder than i expected but i would take him again! He will make you learn about culture as you laugh! Funny stories, great class!He is extremly helpful, materail is easy to understand, great teacher overall!
He's a cool professor, overall. He's big on participation so come to class. Test are pretty easy if you come to the lectures. He's funny too.
I loved his class! It was an easy A and he is really hilarious. Goes off on tangents and wastes time, so it's not too terrible being in class. I would definitely take this prof for Spanish.
He's a funny guy and makes night class not so dreadful. At times it is hard to tell if he is in serious mode or not, but overall a great instructor
He is very good at explaining concepts. Creative teacher/ nice (and funny) guy.
Professor Lynch is a great professor. She really knows her stuff and is very passionate about it. She is very no-nonesense and doesn't put up with people who don't do the work. If you're looking for a teacher who will let you slide by doing the absolute minimum, then Lynch probably isn't for you. I love Lynch's classes.
I've also had her in ENGL 2030. She's nice, clear and incredibly helpful. While she does have a tendency to tangent in lectures, she very clearly states what she wants and expects. Very strict on grammar and writing errors, though not as bad as DBG. Just do as she asks and you'll do fine.
Very fun teacher. Knowledgable. Grades fairly.
Best philosophy professor I've experienced in 10 years of higher learning.
I love this professor so much. He is caring and nice. He loves Hegel and so do I
Scott Bentley is a really great professor. He is very friendly and understanding. Also gives good feedback. I really liked his way of teaching students. Highly recommend taking ENG102 with him.
Was scared to take his class because of his ratings. At first, he may seem intimidating. But I learned a lot about poetry that I never knew before and it opened up a whole new style for me to use. He gives meaningful feedback and makes you think. I really enjoyed his class!
Bentley is one of the best teachers that I have ever had. He is very specific on his grading and is very clear on what needs to be done. He will not baby you and will make you ask specific questions about you're paper, making you into a better writer in the end. Just put in the work and attend every class.
Tough at grading essays and assignments but overall its for everyone's own good and its only his best intention so that we can better ourselves in our writing skills.
Scott will open up perspectives in which the manner topics are discussed and argued. Very accessible to questions. Little patience for positions not thought-out or based on vacuous emotional arguements.
Super cool class and loved this professor. She is well organized and expects her students to learn from the class. I learned a lot and would take this class again.
Although Dr. Fox assigns a lot of work, and makes you think, it is rewarding in the end. She is one of my favorite professors, because she is kind, helpful, smart, and understanding. Take her!
Awesome teacher! She gives a lot of work but they are for your own knowledge and benefit. She is super cool and sweet. Just stay on top of the readings and work load and you'll be in good hands. Best of luck!
She gives alot of work! TONS of work. However, she really prepares you for what she expects. If you don't have the time to do about 4hrs of work a night then don't take her class. But she is a great teacher. With her class you'll get your money's worth when it comes to education.
great teacher! she is extremely nice and is willing to answer any questions. Made everything clear and i was able to take a lot of writing tips from her class. overall a great teacher!
Wonderful professor! Very nice and willing to help you even if it is not related to her class. Grades fair but there is a lot of work. One 8 page essay, portfolio, and lots of reading. need to work hard to get an A.
She has been teaching for quite a few years and her experience shows -- class is very structured and she expects a lot from her students. She does not give out that many A's in her class -- you must be prepared to work hard to earn one. Lots of assignments (including 3 major essays) and a bit of reading. She is very helpful, though.
She is a very helpful and inderstanding professor. If you need help with anything she is willing to help. Her essay critiquing maybe a littlt though, but she will give you feedback if you need it and on how you will be able to improve your essay. Even if you are not in her class and need help on and essay, she is the person to go to for help
Personable, interesting, fun, very intelligent...a wonderful lecturer and mentor: Sue Fox is one of the best professors at CSU East Bay. I learned alot in History of Children's Lit. & would love to learn more from her.
Fox is one of my favorite professors, I've learned more from her than any of my other instructors. I've taken a few different classes with her and they're always fascinating. Her classes are a lot of work but it's totally worth it.
Sue Fox is absolutely the greatest teacher I have ever had within my academic career. She is brilliant!!! Every single class is so much fun. Her lectures and class discussions are always very interesting. Dr.Sue Fox's classes are the best classes offered at Cal State East Bay. Her Fairy Tale, Fantasy and Children Literature classes are the BEST!
She is a great teacher, tough but fair and totally willing to help you if you take the time to care about your work. I have a great time in all her classes.
She's a fabulous teacher! I loved her lessons and she is a lot of fun.
She's the greatest! But you will totally work!
Alan is an amazing professor with really great lectures. He helps his students with anything they need really and really teaches interesting topics.
Almquist is a great professor who is very understanding and easy to work with. He really cares about his students and their success.
Prof. Almquist is one of the most understanding professors on campus. His courses are fairly easy although a textbook is needed, the information is interesting and lectures are even more so. He is super knowledgeable and helpful. If you are interested in any of the topics he teaches I highly encourage taking his course and asking questions!
You do not need to attend class, but it helps. The weekly quizzes are based on the long readings. True and false questions. No midterm. The final consists of two papers on the prompts he gives you. The book has to be your only source for those papers. The book has to be bought from the bookstore.
Professor Almquist is a very knowledgable person, he is understanding, charismatic, and always willing to help outside of class!The course consisted of two midterm essays and the final, which were pretty easy if you showed-up, took in-class notes, and bought his textbook.
He gives six homework assignments throughout the semester and they are also very easy. He also gives a final exam that requires to short written papers which are also very easy to write since they only require research gathered in class. It's an easy A for his class as long as you do the work, which is minimal.
I showed up to class literally 2 times in the quarter - got all the material I needed for essays from online sources. No nothing, just two essays out of 10 points each. 1 was the midterm the other was the final. If you do bad on midterm, don't worry, just speak with him and ask for guidance, he will work with you and help you get a good grade.
Absolutely the best proffesor I have ever had. He is fantastic ethuisiastic and hysterically funny. He is an anthropologist's anthropologist. Thanks Alan for the best classes EVER!!!!
He's easy. In order to get the highest score in his class you need to answer the homework questions as though you were doing an essay on each with your opinion. Do that and you'll get the highest score possible.
Almquis is a great teacher. He has always gone out of his way to help me, both in classes and also as my advisor. Sometimes he is a but hard to track down, but if you send him an e-mail he will clear as much time for you as you want.
Fun class. Very interesting.
hes the man
he structers everything so its hard to get lost, he tells you so much you dont need to read!
greatest professor of all time!
I'm an alumni of SOM and Paul was by far the best professor I had.
I'm honoured to have a mentor like him.
He's more than a professor, he's a mentor.
A great teacher, very involved in his work and his students. He's my favorite!
Professor Warner is a bright, caring woman who truly wants her students to engage each other, as well as the subject matter. She expects you to read, think and write like a serious college student. Her academic and personal backgrounds have created an educated, sensitive instructor. She can make the world of women's issues lively & provocative.
Terrific human being and gifted professor. Has a great perspective and is very fair. A UD grad, she was a student activist and has taught on both coasts of the USA. Professor Warner really cares about students.
Great command of class material; charming personality; very fair!!
I graduated from UD and she is one of the best professors I had. I worked extremely hard in her class, but I got an A as a result. Funny, kind, intelligent professor.
Very good class. Hard because of the writing, but I learned a lot.
Perfect in every way.
Amazing Lady! Helpful, really knows her stuff. Hard tests-- but keeps you awake.
Vipond is extremely knowledgabl, although not the most vibrant personality or teaching style. She is a lovely woman, very appraochable, and extremely helpful. However, I think that perhaps she is not for everyone, and if you are not that interested in History, then perhaps you need to stay away from her classes. For serious students only.
Comprehensive knowledge of the subject matter. But doesn't really speak in the most interesting way. Text books were awful. Canadian History in General is uneventful I think.
Mary Vipond is an amazing resource for us to have at Concordia (she wrote "The Mass Media in Canada"). She really knows what she's talking about, and is helpful and approachable. She seems to work better with smaller class sizes.
Chichester is seriously the sweetest professor at UMW and is a very compassionate person. SPAN201 can be very hard for those taking it for the gen ed requirement, but she makes it very enjoyable and easy to learn! Only downside is that it is typically an 8 AM, but her class is worth it! 100/10 recommend.
Great professor! Make sure you attend class so you can get your easy participation points. Make sure you read the texts before class and complete the homework because she will discuss it in class or you will be put in groups for discussions. Overall, she is very patient and enjoyable.
She is a great professor and takes the time to clarify topics or concepts that may be unclear.
Portfolio development is a really easy class, Professor Chichester is very helpful breaking down the process. Each class is going to focus on one part of the portfolio. However, participation is require but this will help refine your overall portfolio. If you miss the 3rd class (being a 4 week class), you cannot submit your portfolio.
Very nice lady. There is homework due before every class. 3 essays and 3 exams. 1 of the exams is very different from the other 2. I suggest going to class as much as possible because there are in-class assignments. Encourages speaking as much as possible.
Wonderfully sweet teacher. She cares about her students personally.
Dr. Chichester was AMAZING!! I 10/10 recommend taking a class with her. We had 3 essays and 3 exams this semester. She gave us study guides for each exam and provided great feedback on our essays. A majority of class time is spent discussing readings, reviewing grammar, and reviewing vocab. As long as you do the homework and study, you'll do fine!
Professor Chichester is absolutely wonderful! She makes the class interesting and engaging with projects instead of papers. Her tests are very short and straightforward, along with her grading and feedback. Also very helpful if you see her during her office hours!
I took this class first semester of freshman year. There are three essays throughout the semester, each about 10% of your grade. Dra. Chichester is always available during office hours and happy to look each essay over. Take this class if you get the chance!! It was my favorite of the semester
the class was very difficult but she is an amazing professor enthusiastic & really cares about her students her lectures really help clarify difficult material so would def. recommend attending class. Had her 201 class also which was really easy & she was enthusiatic as alwaysHer upper level classes def not an easy A but otherwise id recommend her
One of the best Spanish teachers! She's helpful, clear and concise. She's a lovely person in the classroom and out.
Awesome teacher. She is very throrough in her lectures. There were only 2 tests and then the final which is a research paper, so make sure you are serious about Spanish. Lot of work but not a bad class.
105 moves quick as it should, but she is excellent! She speaks spanish almost all of the time, which is scary at first, but then you realize that you CAN understand her. She'll make sure that you're not lost. Superb professor for even those who are only taking it for GenED. Study for quizzes!
She is great!! She was very easy to understand even though she spoke spanish most of the time. She is not too demanding and i thought she was relatively easy. The only thing was: on the spot orals. That was the only hard thing but other thaT SHE IS GOOD!!
Best Spanish professor I've ever had. She's always willing to help. The workload was never too much and she was a very fair grader. Me gusta :)
Amazing teacher. He really made me more interested in Japanese language and culture. He makes lectures funny and makes Japanese a fun subject to learn.
Professor Osuka was by far the best. He was so easy and would definitely take him again. He follows the syllabus perfectly and is not a tough grader. I took him as a summer class and recommend to anyone who needs credits to take him.
took sensei a second time and he's great! def take him!
I love sensei osuka! he is very knowledgeable and is great at teaching the language. he makes everyone in the class speak to each other in groups to practice our accent and it helps a lot. there is a midterm and final which are easy if you practice, along with six lessons from the workbook. love his class and he is very caring and understanding!
Can I say most amazing professor ever? Because he really is! :) He is so understanding and caring towards his students. He puts in every possible effort to make sure students get the best grades they possibly can. He genuinely wants you to do well in his class! Take his class, and don't give him a hard time. He tries so hard for his students!
Osuka Sensei is one of my favorite teachers. He's really looking for everyone to succeed, and is always available for questions. He's always providing opportunities to learn, get tutoring, etc. I was really intimidated going into Japanese, but he makes learning really easy and fun.
Professor Osuka's Japanese History class was the first Asian-themed course I've ever taken. Prof. Osuka does assign homework, but it's nothing unreasonable. Take notes whenever he PowerPoints, it's a bet it'll be on exam. Class is enjoyable because he's so easy to talk with, and if you participate, he remembers it. Take. His. Class.
Dr. Osuka is a great professor. He is very professional at teaching Language and history as well. Very fair grader, the only thing you need is to study. He is an amazing advisor if you have a plan to get a job, or you think about graduate studies and PHD. Osuka sensei's knowledge is huge.
Dr.Osuka is a great professor overall. He is passionate about his teaching and research and has been supportive and insightful into my research. The lecture section of class is very interesting, and the student presentations challenge students to engage more deeply with the material. Very fair grader but students must show dedication and effort
Osuka Sensei is my favorite teacher that I've had at Seton Hall. There is a decent amount of homework, but it is only for a completion grade and helps. Attendance counts toward the grade as well. He is easy to approach, is extremely knowledgeable, and very funny too. If you have any interest in seriously learning Japanese, I highly recommend him
I don't get what's with the bad reviews but I took him for Introductory Japanese I. I thought he was pretty good. I understood everything. He's really easy too. Very easy A. If you somehow fail this class you shouldn't be in college. Seriously.
OHAYO! OSUKA SAN IS THE BEST TEACHER, IF HE SEES U TRYING, AND U DO BAD, HE WILL GIVE YOU A GENEROUS CURVE... THE BEST LANGUAGE TEACHER IVE HAD EVER.
Defenetley RIght with Spontaneous, Osuka Sensei wa awesome desu. Is I will say, please take Japanese With him because from what I hear and I know he is the best!
Best language teacher I've ever had: super nice, helpful, and cheerful. The best example of this was when he explained what his last name (Osuka) meant in English: "Big Spontaneous Happiness." Smiling all the time. Definitely take this course.
OSUKA-SENSEI always comes to class with a smile "OHAYO". Like the guy before me said yes he did "Since this a language course""All you need to do is COME and PARTICIPATE and You GET B," Such a Nice guy you should take him if you want to learn the language.
i love osuka san
Most funny guy in the world!!! very helpful. A little hard to understand, but he will repeat anything. If u go to class and do good on ur quizzes and HW u will automatically get a A....awesome dude....sayonara
awesome professor, easy and fun and determined to make you enjoy japanese. it's impossible to fail and easy to get an A if you try. he'll put you in a good mood no matter how you're feeling.
Knows his subject well....Good Professor!!!
Osuka is not only amazingly intelligent but amazingly fun. This guy's goal is to make sure you're having a good time while learning. Take him for not only an easy A but an intuitive man.
Easy yet informative class. A must take for anyone in need of a religions credit or any Asian Studies major. No reason not to get an A in this class if you put in the minimal amount of work. Osuka rocks! :)
great class.... nicest guy ever... defintely take him... it was a good class to take as a world culture elective....
omg, are you serious? This professor is amazing. I LOVE this guy, he's the coolest little old man. He doesnt pick on people, he jokes around. He is an awesome teacher. I loved him!!
LOVE HIM!!! His class is really hard, but if you go to him for extra help, he will help you. Especially on homework, he'll give you all the answers. He also lets you do corrections on tests you don't do well on. The Saccomans are the best math teachers you can get at SHU!
He is such a great guy which definitely makes the class better!
This guy kicked me into shape, he gives assignments that are EXACTLY like the test, very helpful. Gives the proper education to help in future math courses. He is a lil tough, but it is worth it.
He is such a cute little old man! Good teacher, clear, fair and funny as hell.
Very easy to understand. makes math fun and class is always enjoyable
Fair, available outside of class, easy if you take notes
Great Teacher. Very helpful, even after class, goes fast but explains everythin
We met once a week which was typically very short (like 20 mins) as it's just for him to check up on everybody. He was very kind and understanding during the covid-19 pandemic and allowed you to do your assignments on your own time. His assignments were very clear and he made videos to explain further in detail. Would definitely recommend him!
He made class fun.
best gsr class ever.
A forkin' kickass teacher. Content is delivered through a humorours and entertaining texture. He'll put you in your place if you act up. The dumb need not apply.
Cool guy.
Very clear, very demanding, witty, and an expert in his field. Does his best to get your attention, and expects nothing less than exemplary work.
One of the best professors I ever had at UMaine, always seemed concerned about my well being in class
really made it clear to me; a wonderful help!
it isnt rocket science
She's a great teacher.
class was well worth attending and the teacher was very knowlegeable in her subject.
I enjoyed this class very much and it wasn't difficult at all. Do your readings and the tests will be a breeze.
Dr. Welcomer cares about student success but makes you work for your grade. Tests are very hard and require you to study and attend class regularly and take notes in class in order to get a passing grade on the tests. She does drop your lowest test score and allows one exam to be taken in partners. She is very knowledgeable about the subject.
Would take another class with Dr. Welcomer in a heartbeat. She knew how to teach, made what most would think is a dry subject pretty entertaining, was reasonable with essays, and you knew what to expect on exams. Dropped lowest of three exams (so I did not take the final). Long essays but they are in groups and she prepares you for them well. Love!
This was one of the best classes I've taken in the MBA program thus far. She is not an easy grader, but more is expected of you at the masters level. The class was overwhelmingly discussion based, which I prefer to powerpoint based lectures. And there were no exams, just lots of writing and cases. But overall, I thought she was a great professor.
Take 449 with her if at all possible. There was a lot of work, but she was so helpful and made the class a lot of fun. It's actually a pretty easy A. She's one of the best professors I have ever had.
Kind of a pointless class but she's a good enough person that you don't hate it
I love Dr. Cole. Just attend class, take good notes, and ask for help if you need it. She is very clear on how to pass this class. No tricks from this one.
Dr. Cole is a great teacher. Things to know: Her class is based on tests only, don't skip her recitations, test are difficult, and you need to put effort into her class outside of the classroom. She cares about her students, she is very kind and willing to help. You have to be responsible, and should be studying everyday while in her class.
Very clear explanations and examples of problems. Expectations clearly stated and reasonable. Must be willing to put effort in outside of lecture. Class lectures and examples were so thorough and inclusive of exam material that I never had to use the book.
Tough teacher, but I learned a lot.
Takes good care of her dog :)
Pelletier is the man!
Increased my love of Canada (which is difficult, for I'm already obsessed with that lovely country). . . plus he is the man.
Ray is the man!
Mr. Pelletier was the best French teacher I ever had. He's awsome and fun!!!
Ray is an awesome teacher, he took us to Ottawa!
Anatole has a true passion for music, and this has a way of emanating throughout the class. He made me appreciate and enjoy a topic I thought I disliked, and he made the class fairly interesting. Easy A if you pay attention in class.
So incredibly nice and funny! Attendance isn't necessary but it can definitely boost your grade! Exams are basically made up of the iclicker questions that he has at the end of classes so as long as your remember those you're good to go! I wouldn't even bother buying the textbook btw
Anatole is such a rare person to have as a professor. No matter what he is always there for you and he always tries his hardest to make his students' experiences with him as enjoyable as he can. He is the most passionate teacher I have ever had; he loves everything about what he does and he spreads this to his students. An incredible person.
Took the online class. Professor does an excellent job making the class interesting. Don't expect to glide by with an easy A, but as long as you pay attention to the lessons they are presented very much in line with the exams and you can expect a decent grade with a little effort. Highly suggested.
Super easy class. Definitely take it if you want an easy A. He's an interesting person, although its pointless going to class. You can get all the material you need from the book..and if you fail the exams, go to a couple concerts, write some short essays and you will still come out with an A!
great professor - interesting, fun online class, do the review sheets and take notes. I found his class to be one the most interesting and fun for meeting a GE requirement.
This is an easy A. He is hard to understand at times, but if you study from the study guide and attend the extra credit concerts, it is a piece of cake. He is very funny and also quite talented with his violin playing. THUMBS UP!! I recommend it!
if you want an A in this class, professor wieck isn't stopping you. He's a great violin player and has a great love for music. If you dont' do well on tests, just attend some concerts and you can get lots of points, also gives points for attendance
the class is awesome & professor is awesome!! he's an amazing violen player & makes class interesting!!
This class is an easy A, everyone should take it. If you aren't good with music, you can get extra credit by going to concerts.
Fun elective to take. He's a cool guy!
If you don't get an A in this class you are STUPID and drop out of college now!!
Good teacher. Easy class
Fantastic musician!
I was warned not to take Dr. Fried's capstone but I did anyway. Yes, at times it felt brutal but in retrospect it was the best class i've taken at UMaine. She has a dry sense of humor, kinda corky and also a democrat. However, it was very clear in our class that we were treated and graded fairly despite our party affiliation.
We had to write a column or letter to a politician or the newspaper. My column got published! Interesting lectures. Quirky sense of humor.
I took Public Opinion with Fried and loved it. Learned a lot about polls and odd things about public opinion. Through the election, looked at ads and polls. Lots of discussion. Great class
Smart as a whip, funny and really helpful. I've taken 3 classes from her and all have been great.
Class is always interesting. Good books. Wish some people would talk more - some of us talk a lot, but other people never say a word.
Took it on-line. Professor set up class well, really good readings. Lots of discussion with other students.
not a bad prof
Really enthusiastic and excited about material.
LOTS pf reading. But class interesting with debates, small groups, discussion.
Enthusiastic teacher.
This teach is a total babe! I meant class is amazing!!! Especially when i'm staring at that nice ladyyyy...
Good discussions, very helpful when I went to her with a problem
Demanding, but inspiring.
Great discussions, keeps me on my toes
Great summer class
AMAZING intro professor. do the work and you will pass
He is a great professor! Homework is easy once you learn what he wants. Tests are taken directly from powerpoints/lectures. His class gave me a solid intro to my major. If you do the work and show up, you're fine. He is also easy to contact & replies quickly!
Amazing Professor, best one I've had at jwu. Would highly recommend to a friend. Take professor morris you won't regret it!
He is amazing and very helpful. His class is so easy. Basically show up and pass
Definitely show up to class because he basically gives you points just for showing up and participating. He's an amazing guy and is there for you if you ask for help. As long as you study the information given to you, it shouldn't be a hard class. Textbook is needed to bring to class for assignments. Would definitely take his class again.
The nicest man ever. He is so helpful and wants to see you succeed just as much as he would like his own sons to. His tests are considerably long, but if you are a decent student you will do well. Definitely take him!
His class is easy but the test is normally long. He motivates you about the world of SEE and encourage you to do good work! His classes are easy.
great
He is a great teacher. He truly cares about all of his students and gives personal attention. He is one of the nicest people and the class is simple if you pay attention. Take him if you can!
Awesome professor... he is ALWAYS willing to help! He is extremely intelligent and will always help you. You don't really need your textbook for SEE1001 but you need to take notes if you want to do well.
Great, clear teacher
MORRIS is the man i love him! so sweet and easy. always wants to help. taking him again this upcoming tri. so nice!
Great teacher! So sweet! So helpful! He kept me iterested, if not made me more interested, in the SEE field... TAKE HIS CLASS... GREAT TEACHER!!!
Ive had Morris a few times and hes awesome. Uses real life examples so if you listen in class youll be okay. His background is mainly sports but he tries to talk about everything. Sometimes he can be a little boring but hes easy and genuinely cares about his students. DEFINITELY TAKE HIM IF YOU GET THE OPTION! hes also a good reference for jobs!
Prof. Morris is an awesome teacher. He makes class fun and will help you when needed. He accepts late assignments if you give him a legit reason. Hes very nice, had him twice this year.
Class not difficult. He makes sure that everyone knows what is going to be on tests and lets you know days before the test is going to be. Lectures off of a power point and uses real life examples for everything to make sure its clear.
Awesome guy. He is one of those cute old men. He really cares about his students and it's an easy A. He can get boring at times but Morris is a good guy! Also he has a lot of experience and really knows what he is talking about so def listen! takee himm!
great teacher, has alot of experience and is very helpful inside and outside of the classroom. Great guy, talks about his family alot. A lot of fun in class and not boring at all. We watch a bunch of videos too. Cool Class i'd suggest taking it either as a coaching class or a leadership class. very effective. i learned alot!
Great guy, let him know who you are and that you have goals, he will be sympathetic towards you.
Do the assigned readings ahead of class so you dont get lost during lectures.
Professor Coles is great! Such a nice lady and will help you throughout the course. I took her class the 1st time coming back to college after a 6yr break and it was an easy transition and great preparation for harder courses to come. I would definitely take her again. Just do the work and youll literally pass.
She's good but talks to much besides that she gives great feedback an is awesome at what she does just Follow the online content and you'll do great exams and quizzes are fairly somewhat easy Goodluck
She is the best professor I have ever had, we are like friends. Definitely take her, she really knows what she is talking about and has a lot of fun teaching.
Absolutely gorgeous. Impossible to take your eyes off her. Wear a blindfold if you expect to be able to concentrate on taking notes.
Hes a really nice and funny professor. You definitely have to attend his classes. He gives quizzes out almost every class, but they are easy because he gives us the answer before.
he is really nice and funny
Nice and funny teacher. If you actually pay attention to class you can lean a ton from him. Never thought I would get an A in Macro.
Awesome!
The bestprofessor at JWU! I wish all professors were like him!
What can I say about Professor Alves? Well he loves his pasta meatball :) He is a great teacher. I enjoyed being in his class.
great teacher
Great Professor. Easy A if you read your notes and review the class exercises and hand outs. Provides the opportunity for significant extra credit for those who need it. If yoy fail this class you are extremely lazy and would be better off quitting college and saving your time and money.
Prof Alves is an awesome professor. He has great energy. I wish EVERY professor was like him. He goes over every test before you take it to make sure everyone understands plus he gives PLENTY of extra credit. If you are not a lazy person you should do fine in his class. I would take him any day!He rocks!
E-Z Pass...like New Jersey...R E A D, "wow, what a guy" and the PC Friars...awesome guy, i love this man. I have never had a teacher who gave all the answers right before the test.
Great teacher, funny, made a boring subject interesting
R-E-A-D
What can be said about Mr. James Alves...? He is the pinnacle of what every professor should strive for!
S-T-U-D-Y R-E-A-D
Very entertaining
great prof
The best professor I have ever met. He is excellent, inspiring, creative and motivating. Will help you at all times. Extreme clarity of his classes make them one of the best at JWU. Very friendly and brilliant men.
He is the best Professor at JWU and his exams couldn't be clearer.
THE BEST hands down S_T_U_D_Y
Awsome guy FUN CLASS 109
It's like listening to my grandad. He's nice and funny. The class is easy and I learned something! He's a good prof.
just overall nice
Easy easy teacher! Gives all answers a day before and day of tests. Very funny!
THIS PERSON WAS OUTSTANDING!
No comment.
YAY Dr. Ziolek! I only wish that every professor was as good at making a difficult subject not only understandable, but fun! Thank You!!!
Dr. Ziolek was and is a hotty with his forehead crease and his bizarre classroom ways ;). We will never forget his barking or his tom swifty jokes. We will also never forget his extreme capability as a musician.
Easy to follow and understand. Practice exams are exactly like the exam.
Hal Parks was a great professor and was super funny, if you have a chance to take him for any math class do it! His exams are hard but his practice exams give you a great idea of what he expects you to know.
You want a teacher who's easy, actually funny, and way into you learning your math, take this guy! This guy was the reason I actually have my math degree! He was the dept. chair when I took him with classes! He rocks, you can't go wrong with this guy!
I was his secretary for 2 years...this is one fantastic person! Believe me...I have seen them ALL at their worst!
Funny as all hell...
I really enjoyed professor Togman, I found his humor to be very witty which added to the lectures. In terms of a first political science course, I couldn't have asked for better.
Professor Togman is a wonderful instructor. Knowledgeable, engaging, and helpful if you need it. To get an A, all you have to do is keep your eyes open in class. Anyone who says otherwise was sadly just born stupid. Two exams, one paper, and your only homework is to read current events and the textbook. Easy class. Taking him again next semester.
Grades in this class are determined 50% by the midterm and 50% by the final. Prof. Togman is a great lecturer, he tells you exactly what he wants you to know for the tests and explains things clearly and with good humor. The only "textbook" is Obama's Wars (if you don't read it you won't do well on the final). Read it and take notes in lecture.
Great professor, great class. Highly recommend if interested in foreign policy. Funny and knowledge. You will not regret taking this class.
I saw that one person on here described Dr. Togman as captivating, and I definitely agree with that. He is a genuinely nice guy who engages his students. In regards to his lectures, he presents the material very clearly, jokes around a lot, and is generally very relaxed. He makes you want to learn, and yes, he is gorgeous.
He's a great professor. Cares about his students. Easy to understand and really nice... good looking too!
the thing about Togman is that he is a hard professor, his exams are NOT EASY, but he is so good at teaching that it is worth it. I took one of his classes, didn't do so well but i dont regret it. he is very captivating. If you really pay attention in class and take notes you'll do well. you will never be bored in class hearing him!
Togman is great, he's my advisor and can't ask for a better one. He makes IR interesting, and really cares about his students. He sets up one-on-one time to talk about your papers. Tests are pretty short and simple, if you take decent notes you'll do well. And if you hate the class you can spend your time staring cause hes GORGEOUS!
One student went postal and posted a bunch of nasty reviews here. Dr. Togman is a very good prof. Classes are interesting, and he treates students with respect.
Interesting class. A little too much theory, but you get into interesting discussions of world politics.
Very nice, smart guy. Tests are difficult.
wow he is probably one of the GREATEST teachers ever. he has an amazing smile and he is so nice. so helpful. the ****ING MAN!
took him for two classes....LOVED HIM..would take another in a heartbeat! he was even my advisor...he's a great guy.. def the best prof in the poli sci dept!
Knocks George W like there's no tomorrow. Definitely a liberal. Stop the NYTIMES ALREADY!!!! Doesn't take attendance, but he knows if you aren't there. Pay attention, speak up, absorb all the facts he rattles, and you should be ok. Not an easy A : (
Only one thing I can say, a great professor, took him 3 times...Would take any class he offered.
Very easy to follow and understand. He makes 9:00 am classes pleasant to attend.
He's a great prof and as long as you do the work you'll get a good grade. He's very interesting and down to earth. Best prof I've had so far.
Outstanding professor, outstanding person. I've had her for the past 3 semesters and I'm enlightened every time. He expresses his ideas and backs them up completely with solid evidence. Very humble and respectful of students...likes everyone to speak
dr togman is amazing, if you are bored read his resume it is so impressive! he is intelligent, compasionate, a friggin awesome teacher and soooo interesting to listen to. he knows every nuance about politics and IR and he is totally fair. do your work tho
HiS tEsTs ArE No sUpRiSeS aS LoNg As YoU take notes n' read Tests are BIG!!! ~~~
I learned so much from him, he is caring and very interesting, never fall asleep
Very smart and accomplished, VERY clear, learn a lot, HE IS SUPER NICE and HOT!
Great guy smart and well educated a fair grader you will learn a lot
Take this class! Not only is it a great way to relax since you spend the first 20 minutes of class meditating and resting, but she teaches principles that truly do help you with life. I swear I've never been less stressed before and I owe it to what she taught us in class. Don't buy the books or DVDs you don't need them.
Easy A. You feel relaxed and calm after doing the yoga and meditation. I would definitely take the class again.
She's cool and the class has great value. She teaches the subject in a practical and not overly theoretical way which makes it more real and living. Highly recommended.
Great Class for SENIORS!!! Great way to relieve senioritis. I took this class along with 4 very difficult classes, and it helped lighten my load and keep my head on straight. We meditate for the majority of class, and talk about basic stuff the rest of the time. 12 Hugs a day!!! NAMASTE people, and be sure to love your anus!!!
what a great class. You do some work: 12 hugs a night, 1 opinion paper a week. and 1 major paper ie 10 little opinion papers stapled together. they are opinion papers. This class is an easy A. You have the opportunity to nap if you don't feel like meditating. The book is good. She is a little weird but really nice and believes what she teaches
Great Yoga teacher... have sweet personality
Great...
Funny...in a strange way. Knows lots about YOGA...very well rounded.
what other class are you encouraged to put your head down and go to sleep in you feel tired?
had her YEARS ago.and i'm still doin some stuff she taught.. GREAT Yoga teacher....
One of my fav profs. So kind and knowledgeable. Assignments are very reasonable. No excessive reading. Not a hard grader. Really caters the course to be applicable to your career field, so it's useful no matter your major. Highly recommend.
Had him for an async class and he was the best. As long as you do your work on time, you should be good. It was mainly the three main essays, weekly discussion post, three responses to other's discussion post, and a weekly journal. It seems like a lot but it really isn't, it's great material to learn about. I would totally take him again if I could
He was very helpful in clarifying what is necessary to making a good publication. he was easily available outside of class and had a lot of good pointers for what i needed in the way of improving my designs. i still try to keep in contact with him about my work.
Whoo Dr. McKenna!
Phenomenal class. Dr. Greene lectures the entire time so if you can't sit still it's not for you. It was a great way to get work done for other classes. The workload is very manageable. Midterm, Final, 3-page paper, 1-page paper. As long as you answer a few of his questions you'll be fine. I totally recommend him.
Take notes and you'll pass the class. Papers with interesting angles get better grades. Very smart - most people don't give him a chance b/c he can be a little dry.
I don't know what these people are talking about. This prof is the BEST. Very helpful, gives us second chances, and even better we learn alot!
I do better with writing based classes so I did good in this class. One weekly journal and reading response due per week and a final 5 page essay. He doesn't use canvas which sucks but basecamp isn't hard to navigate. Don't take this class if u aren't into social/ environmental justice, obviously. You must participate at least sometimes.
There aren't enough nice things you can say about Prof. Jenkins. Really inspires you to want to pursue journalism. Very nice about your work and encourages you to write better; always compliments while critiquing. Overall, fantastic professor and human being. Thank you for everything, Prof. Jenkins!
Professor Jenkins is one of the best professors I've had at UD and I'm not even an English Major. He really cares about his students and wants us to succeed in the world outside of class. If you have any chance to take any of his classes I highly recommend that you do because you will learn new perspectives of the world around you.
Easily one of the best professors I have ever had. He is super engaging and extremely interested in what he is teaching. You have to show up every day and there is a 2 page journal entry due every week but it's almost impossible to fail if you try.
Jenkins is loved by many, and for good reason. I recommend this class to anyone interested in journalism- the peer editing really helps your writing and he gives constructive feedback. Lectures can get off topic, but are still engaging. You have read before class, but his book and the New Yorker were enjoyable. Worth the effort -highly recommend!
McKay is one of the best professors I have had at UD - his lectures are loosely structured, but are really engaging and fun to participate in. He's also a pretty flexible grader.
Jenkins has been one of my favorite professors at UD. If you don't go to class and don't read don't take his class. If you plan on doing the work you'll love him. Hilarious guy, really passionate about his job. Rarely gives anything over an A- on papers though.
McKay is easily one of the most inspiring professors I've had at UD. He knows what he's talking about and makes sure you do too. You leave the class wanting to know more about the info discussed that day. Changed my view of the world, seriously. He's a hilarious guy who seriously cares. Read the readings and come to class.
Really good professor. I enjoyed his class a lot. Made me care about pursuing journalism a bit more than before I took his class.
My favorite professor I've ever had at UD. You need to do the readings for his class, but they are all very interesting. His lectures in class are more of life lessons or current events than hashing over text material. There's the rare "pop" quiz on the schedule, but most of his grades come from writing assignments which he grades very fairly.
A really solid professor. If you take this class and don't come out a better writer at the end, then that's on you because McKay will give you the building blocks you need to use in your journalism career. Great feedback but can be a tough grader. Get ready for quizzes.
Dude's a tough grader but I've never held more respect for a professor. Yeah, the grades are important and there but he really stresses just working towards us being better, aware citizens. Reading the news every day has really opened my eyes and he definitely knows what he's talking about. Would recommend 100% for journalism interest students.
My favorite professor ever.
By far one of the best professors at this school. He's extremely passionate about the environment, and it will definitely rub off on you. There were no exams and only two quizzes. The majority of your grade is going to White Clay Creek and submitting a 2 page paper every week on that and some readings. TAKE THIS CLASS!
Best class and professor I've had at UD. If you have the opportunity to take a class with him, do it.
This man is awesome. I have him for FYE and I cannot wait to take another one of his classes. He is really nice, helpful, and interesting. He makes you want to participate and show up.
McKay is the best journalism teacher I've had here. He's so cool, knows about everything, has a great sense of humor- and you get to read the New Yorker for your "textbook" -costs only 10 bucks so if you're poor that's cool. Read and you'll do fine on your quizzes. He's ultra sexy- intellectually.
This is the best professor I have ever had. His classes were fun and interesting and his love for teaching shows. You can tell he genuinely cares about the success of his students and does whatever he can to help. I recommend any of his classes.
really fair prof, but high expectations. very interesting class.
Loved going to class! Dr. Jenkins is helpful and inspiring!
AMAZING TEACHER!
Very interesting and helpful, actually enjoyed going to class
The best professor I've had. Passionate, knowledgable and inspiring.
He is a wonderful teacher. Very caring. Hysterical. Loved going to class.
hes a great teacher, makes class very fun,
Dr. Richard Langley (Doc) was by far my favorite professor during my time at SFA. I credit his toughness and straight forward mentality for giving me the tools to earn my degree. He comes off as a tough, no nonsense guy and he is, but he also truly cares about each of his students. I am very glad that I had him as a professor.
Dr. Langley was a great professor! I went into his class thinking it was going to be really challenging and no surprise... it was definitely a challenge. You must do your assigned homework problems or you will fail his tests. His tests are difficult, but he does give lots of partial credit. His class was my favorite and I would take him again.
Appreciate him challenging you.
Don't believe the negative comments! They were written by lazy people who wanted an A in the class without having to put out any effort. I went to class, took notes, and did the homework problems like Langley said, and I easily made an A. I recommend going to his office for extra help and also going to SI. I am looking forward to having him again!
Dr. Langley is a great teacher and a smart man. He loves for students to come to his office when they need help, he is always willing to help you on homework. His tests are hard if you don't do the homework and don't study but this is college and every class should be like that. Assigns alot of homework but there is SI and he curves tests.
Learned alot. Go to his office. BIG Curve. Know nominclature. Study Deff. Make sure he knows you want to pass. Go to SI that is very helpful. If your major is Chem take him. He will cover a lot of material. Do your homework Walkin tables in the arcc will.
TAKE HIM, will seem hard until second test, curves AT LEAST 30 points each test
Mr Vincent is a good professor of you put in the work. Its very group project heavy and homework heavy but he helps a lot. Very kind and really takes the time to make sure you understand. This class was hard as a non native speaker but I passed with a good grade just due to the amount of time I put in every day to study.
I honestly believe that everyone who has given Professor Vincent a negative review is bitter about not getting an easy A. You work for the grade that you earn. No language is easy so I dont understand why many people expect an easy pass. Invest the time and Own up to your own mistakes of not putting in the work rather than blaming others
Took his class and i can honestly say he is slow to warm up but definitely would take his class again. He is a funny professor and actually tries to help everybody in class. He is an easy grader as long as you participate and put effort in his class. So if you're looking for an easy A, just take this class and make an effort to try to learn
Professor Vincent is very caring and understanding. This class is a foreign language so it isn't easy for everyone, it takes effort. You miss a day, its on you. The class consists of online homework, a hw packet, vocab quizzes, journals, oral presentations, and exams. This may seem like a lot but you are given time in class and the hw is quick
This was by far my favorite teacher I've had! He is extremely helpful and is one of the few teachers that care. He is pretty lenient on attendance but since it is a foreign language, missing classes will effect your comprehension of the material, usually then reflecting so on quizzes and tests. He is very understanding and very generous on grading.
Very nice and understanding. We all really enjoyed this semester with him!
One of the best professors I have had. Recommend it to anybody that wants to learn Spanish.
COOL AND FUNNY
he's one of my favorite teachers. he's just a fantastic educator. the online homework is the biggest thing you need to worry about. he's super flexible which works out well. he's extremely helpful and gets to know the students personally. he's just a great teacher.
I loved Sr. Vincent!! He is a really cool guy and really nice. You do have to study and do lots of online hw and 5 oral presentations but its not that difficult just make sure you attend most classes. If you do well on the hw you will do well on the tests- its the same stuff! I would take him again for sure! You rock Sr. Vincent! Good Luck!!!
Senor Vincent is a great teacher! He is helpful and caring and teaches spanish well. He speaks in spanish the majority of the time and prefers if students ask questions in spanish too. He assigns minimal homework and tests and quizzes are fairly easy if you study. Overall a fun and enjoyable class. I definitely recommend Mr. Vincent.
Sr. Vincent is a great teacher. He talks in Spanish almost all the time but he makes it easy to understand. You'll learn a lot of espaol!!
Excellent teacher and a very friendly person. Slightly disorganized and often arrived late (I should mention that this was a 7am class) though. Sometimes took a while to get tests and homework back compared to most high school teachers but from my experience that's common among college profs. Assigns a lot of homework but grades very easily.
Vincent is so helpful. The class is hard in the aspect that it is a lot of work, but he is really understanding about the fact that you are learning a new language. Always there for you if you have any questions. Do all the homework and you'll do fine on the tests. As long as you're serious and keep up with homework you'll get an A.
great teacher, very understanding, awsome personality, fantastic sense of humor, one of the best teachers i have ever had. muy muy bien
great teacher..he works with you if he knows your trying..hes laid back and hes also a hott surfer!!
GREAT instructor to take all 3 classes from -remembers you are learning a new lang. as an adult -- doesn't penalize you for not knowing spanish or npt speaking it well - for living in So. CA -- like other instructors do who are Spanish!!!
I really liked him. I hate spanish, but he made it understanable. I ended up with an A. I was glad he didn't speak all spanish in the class, from what I hear a lot of teachers do just that.
Sounds like alot of lazy students have given reports on this teacher. He is so awesome! He cares about your grade and puts up with alot of disrespect from immature students. If you have trouble with his class, it's probably you and not his teaching style!
Class is really easy, but he is very unorganized so I don't feel prepared.
lots of writing but helpful, caring, the "not committed comment" below is bull!
Always entertaining...never a dull moment! Love his honesty.
Professor Dai is a really sweet man who is very obviously passionate about math. His class is super easy and you really don't need to pay attention to make a good grade. I would recommend if you are not that good at math and want a good grade but you really won't learn anything unless you teach yourself.
He has a strong accent but you get used to it fast! He is super adorable and gives really good references and examples. He knows very thoroughly what he teaches and is very helpful with concerns and questions. The homework is closely aligned with the class but there is a good amount of it. :)
Hard to understand but he's a genius. Take notes and pay attention. Go to class and you'll be fine. Study your notes before exam. Go to him to ask questions and he will gladly help u
A few complained about Prof. Xingde Dai that were in my class but those were the students who barely comes to class and made fun of his accent. Come to class to take notes and/or just listen and you will do fine. He cares about his students. He gladly stays after to explain problems to you if you do not understand. Easy webwork homework.
Took this class during the summer, I'm expecting an A, I really don't understand why he has bad reviews. Actually do your work and read the textbook and you should be fine. Don't be lazy!
This professor really cares about his students. If you do not understand something, go up to him and he will explain it to you until you understand. He takes time out of his day to make sure you get the help you need if you show him that you are struggling. Basically, go to class and ask questions, and you will be okay. Don't?; Then struggle.
Don't let his accent bother you, as he is very kind, helpful and extremely intelligent. Take time and get to know him. Tells you lots of things about life that are great, and cares about students and their success. Take him.
Easy B, Do the HW, go to class, and take the test no problems!
A great professor. Difficult but not unfair. I don't recommend him if you have no interest in political science, but if the subject interests you the class is fascinating and rewarding. One of if not the best professor I have ever had.
Dr. D. Hulme is a wonderful, if hard-driving, professor for political science. He has a unique method of teaching, which focuses on individual understanding through discussion and lecture. These are punctuated by readings covering the entire scope of the class and are generally interesting.
Dr. Hulme is hard. Very hard. Daily quizzes, rough exams, rough WP/Map quizzes, and even tougher essay questions but hes a really great professor. His lectures make things easy to understand, hes always willing to help, and he truly does care about his students. If you read and listen, and study, youll be fine.
Take his Boston Spring term if you can. He's not in Model UN mode, and is relaxed and helpful during it. You do a ton of research, but you get the rest of the time to explore Boston with the class. You spend about 10 days in Boston, and the rest of the time is on-campus working on the paper. Paper is long, so make sure to work extensively on it.
Dr. Hulme is an incredible professor. Although he assigns a lot of homework and his tests are ridiculously hard, he is one of those professors who really cares about ALL his students, and grades them on effort. He is willing to come in extra early or stay late if you need extra help in his class. Study hard and you'll do well.
While MUN is a very work intensive course, Dr. Hulme is extremely knowledgable about all related topics. He is willing to help every student if they approach him with a problem.
Extremely enthusiastic. Always well prepared. I learned a tremendous amount. Highly recommend this professor and class.
It's definitely a lecture based course with little discussion and it moves quickly, but as long as you do the reading before class and take good notes you're fine. The only difference that I noted between myself and the MUN kids is they answered questions more, but as a non-MUN student I still did well and found him helpful during office hours.
He's tough, but you learn a lot.
HARD. But he knows his stuff, and when hes done you will too. This is one professor that will PUSH you to succeed.
Hes hard but is a great teacher. Hes very straightforward too-you will know what you have to study in order to pass.
Hulme is challenging, clear, helpful, and he makes his students think!
I took Sociology 101 as a Dual Enrollment class when I was a junior in high school and I absolutely LOVED Dr. Fobes. She was so nice and was very organized. As long as you do the reading and pay attention in class you will do great. I never felt like she was asking too much of me. I definitely learned a lot from this class. Highly recommend her!
Dr. Fobes is seriously the sweetest professor at Alma College. She is very professional in her grading methods, but likes to make the class enjoyable. The Soc 101 class that I took with her only mandated one paper all semester, and it was an easy topic. She has regular quizzes, but she reviews with the class. All around great. Highly recommended!
Fobes is one of the nicest prof that I have ever taken a class with. As long as you keep up on the readings and pay attention in class you will do well. She often seems to have this warped opinion of herself as a really tough professor when in reality she is about average for toughness.
LOVE HER!
Fobes is a wonderful professor. She makes what she is teaching you fun and she appreciates your willingness to try. I decided to get my degree in Sociology because of her classes. They are tough but worth all the time you put into them.
Family is a realy cool class, and Fobes is super nice, if a bit crazy.
http://mainecampus.com/2012/03/18/umaine-math-professor-dies-over-spring-break/
He is a Great teacher. He is by far the single most patient person I have ever met. I would take any class with him.
A very good professor. Is proficient in all fields of mathematics, and science.
His explanations of the material were always clear, and he was always a fair grader. This class isnt that bad if you do the required work and study a little bit for the tests.
He is so nice and loves to help if you ask for it. The class isnt really that hard if you go. Great professor though!
He is a great professor and teaches very well. His explanations are clear and easy to understand.
Teaches things clearly and directly, approaches things in ways that are easy for students to understand.
Professor Ozluk is a good teacher, nicest professor I have ever encountered. He's cool; not like those other yahoos in the math dept. Go Ali!!
He is the best teacher I have had the privilidge of being taught by.
Never thought Calculus could be fun.
best math prof. yet. He makes calculus easy to understand
He is the best in using techniques in teaching Calculas
excellent instructor!! He's the best!
I had Atzema's Calc 3 during COVID, and at the beginning of the semester, he struggled a little bit with everything being digital. I must admit that his class is hard, especially when it's virtual math, but he really puts the effort in to teach the class to the best of his ability. He always has good office hours and offers lots of partial credit.
While he's not the best choice for those that aren't interested in math due to his speed, his lectures are intuitive and he does a good job of making it clear what is expected of the students. He shows an honest interest in the subject matter and in the students and will go beyond the subject matter with individuals should they ask for it.
I have had Eisso Atzema for 3 classes, including calc III and history of math, and he is my favorite professor at UMaine. He is very friendly and helpful, although his classes are not necessarily the easiest. If you are mathematically inclined and willing to work at a class, I highly recommend him.
What a guy. He's a riot, and a fairly natty guy.
eisso's presence is overwhelming. i get a warm sensation when he walks into the room. by far the nicest and "most helpful" ;-) teacher i've ever had. the youthful pep and enthusiasm that he brings to class make even calculus interesting.
Does this prof know the beautifull village of Tjuchem in the Netherlands
very good teacher
She seems really intimidating, but she really does want to help. I always knew when something was due because she would remind us in class and through email. She emailed a lot to make sure we were doing assignments correctly. I met with her and she gave me hope to pass by walking me through the grades. The final exam review was really helpful!
She is pretty no-nonsense, but if you pay attention to her, you will do well. She gives good examples in lecture. She was always pretty fast at answering emails and always there for questions during office hours. She is actually very nice if you don't screw around or act like she is "just" a TA. I liked her and would recommend her.
So far she has been great! She gives good examples and is very quick to reply to emails and questions. She also has been understanding about not having books and letting me urn it in late without penalty because the bookstore messed up! I would recommend her to anyone!
Easy 1 credit class. Laid back prof.
Easy class...funny and very helpful prof
Awesome TA!! Only reason I passed this horrible class.
This is the most evil class on campus!! The quizzes are impossible! The only GOOD thing about taking this horrible course was the TA.
Oh my God this class sucked!! The tests were impossible and the only thing that kept me from failing were the study guides and the instructor!! Great TA!
One of the best instructors on campus!!
Darn good teacher!
Great stories...relates well to students...really funny
Wonderful teacher! Go Bacon Boy!
What a great teacher! She is a wonderful instructor and quite funny. Bacon Boy was just great!
Was always very helpful and informative. Very good use of humor in class. She made it fun to learn. I really loved the Bacon Boy!
Great teacher!!
Funny and relates well to students
The only people in this class that would rate her low are the idiots that didn't come and she failed. People are bitter because she didn't take their crap. Overall an excellent, funny teacher that would have bent over backward to help you.
Easily my favorite professor at UMaine. Took every class I could from her. Loved when she taught British history, just her disgust for the actions against Ireland was beautiful to listen to her lecture. Show up pay attention. Took a 100 class with her. People were sneaking out she lost it and failed the assignment they just turned in.
An excellent teacher. Interested in the material, clear presentations, and daily class outlines. Would've gotten an A but skewed the format for the first paper. 2 papers, midterm and final. Small class let her get to know you and allowed for pertinent conversation between students. Would recommend her. Got a B+
Wonderful, wonderful professor. Highly intelligent and is very helpful with the outlines. She also tells it how it is, which can be humorous at times, in fact she can be quite hilarious.
She's so nice but expects attention in class. One of the best things about her class is her clarity, she always puts an outline on the board at the beginning of class.
She's a wonderful teacher, but she expects you to do the assigned reading, so just keep up with that and you will be fine.
I took all the HTY classes I could from her. She's awesome and knows her history,why they had her teach British History one semester- was like asking a Palistinian historian to teach the History of Isreal! Made everything interesting-really enjoyed it!
excellent teacher, very organized, verry acomidating, easy grader just follow her study guides, the TA graded harder, highly recomended
Excellent history teacher. Knows her material. Makes the process enjoyable.
Great teacher!Do the study guide and papers and you'll get an A!!
Great teacher! I want to take more HTY classes with her.
Excellent teacher. Knows her stuff. Great leactures. I loved her class.
Nice person! She seems a little afraid of her students but it's a great class!
Cool teacher. Easy to follow to take notes. Exams are fair.
Very sweet lady, great class.
Use the study guide to help you prepare for the test, also pay attention to his lectures because he reads the questions and answers that are on the test for each chapter. If you stay on top of the coursework you'll be just fine.
Mr. Tuyay has been one of the best instructors in SWC. He knows his materials. Expects participation. Test can be hard but he provides study guide and covers the whole material. He is funny and makes a lot of jokes.
He's the best. Hilarious and chill but you do learn a lot from him without feeling stressed. Practically gives all the answers throughout the semester just take notes. Super easy to pass and lenient, he gives out a couple long papers but is willing to help as much as you need. Just have to ask. Take his class you'll love him.
He gives a lot of extra credit out so make sure you do all of them because it will all add up. He makes class fun by telling jokes. If you read the book there is a good chance you will receive an A in the class.
He's a hilarious dude, Ive taken two of his classes There's one ten page paper, three smaller assignments, and three tests but he does give out extra credit. You don't really need to buy the books but it means youll need to do a lot of your own background research after he goes over the chapter in class.
As much as I disliked history, Tuyay definitely made the subject interesting. When I asked for help after receiving a failing grade on the first midterm, he just said to "pay attention to the lecture and read the book". Later I found out he integrates the test in the lecture! So with highlights in the book using the study guide, I passed the class
* Gives out the syllabus & shows what's due & tests dates etc. * Prepare to turn in typed papers * "Book is needed" but you can find the chapter outlines on the internet * Test are fairly easy * Record him when he goes over the study guide * Gives XC * Funny, caring, fair professor!
My fave professor! He's hilarious & really wants his students to pass. He is a tough grader on tests but he'll let you know what he wants before; 2 out of 3 tests are written. No daily homework, but 3 essays are required. He's very lenient and gives a lot of extra credit points, as well as participation points. Take his class, you won't regret it!
I was scared to take history classes and he makes it a point that we stay awake in his class. He gives extra credit and bonus points chances. Students just need to do all the work and reading and you're good to go. You make your own grade so participate even when you're wrong. He still appreciates it.
Make sure you take your time on the paper, its not too hard but does require you to put in more effort. Also do all the extra credit he gives out, it can really save your grade.
Tuyay is a good professor for history. your grade consist on 2 midterms a final research paper and participation. extra credit is avaliable and take as much as possible because it can help your grade alot. study for all test and you will do fine in the class. the book he uses can be found online so look for it instead of buying it.
Pretty easy and doesn't have much work (although that could be terrible if you mess up an assignment or two). Pay close attention to the study days before tests and you'll be alright.
He offers extra credit through out the semester and listen carefully while he lectures cause he uses the exams questions during lecture and give out the answers but you have to pay attention to catch it. he's not obvious about it so listen. he's easy and you learn a lot. laugh at his stories he just wants to make it fun for everyone.
Prof Tuyay is a great guy! The test are based off the books so make sure you're reading and understanding the material. He does a little review the day before exams and make sure you pay close attention to the exam review. All points matter in this class make it count. Overall very easy course if you just do all the work.
Tuyay's class is very enjoyable and easy to pass. This professor dose an excellent job at staying to his syllabus for most of the course. READ READ READ !!!! literally all the answers to his quizs, assignmentso, midterms and finals are balanced between the reading assignments and his lectures. His lectures are a perfect to ask questions.
Overall Tuyay is a funny guy and I really enjoyed his class. He gets off topic easily which makes his lectures a little bit hard to follow at times so make sure to study the exam guides he hands out. As long as you study the exam guides and participate you will totally pass.
FIRST OF ALL the books are dirt cheap, so no whining. SECOND be sure to participate and make a name for yourself, he respects your creativity no matter who you are. GOLDEN RULE APPLIES! EC is possible and negotiable. Tests and term paper are the deciding factor for the grade. Attendance and reasons matter. Laugh at his jokes, you pass the class.
First of all, I'd like to say that out of all the classes I took, this was the only class that I loved going to and the only class that I looked forward to. With that being said, if you get easily offended, I wouldn't recommend taking this class. You actually learn things in this class and you get a good laugh too. I'd take him again. Fun class!
Prof Tuyay is a very likable teacher! He makes his class fun and interesting. However, make sure to do a lot of reading! Two of the exams are written so you better know the material really well. He gives you a study guide beforehand so that helps. He also gives a lot of opportunities for extra credit!
He's gotta be one of the best professors that I've had the pleasure of experiencing a class with. The first day of class he made it very clear of what would need to be done in order to pass. I took it as a pre-spring course from January 4-28, so there was a lot of work to be done. If you stick it out and put forth some effort, you'll do fine.
Funny guy. Sidetracks a lot during lecture, but it's history, it gets boring. Very easy class, as long as you apply yourself. Do the review guide before the review date and he goes over the questions, just ask what questions you need help on. Make sure you record. As long as you do that, his tests will be easy and the answer will be right there.
Professor Tuyay tells a lot of jokes but is very clear on his expectations. As long as you are there for the reviews, read the required reading and don't disrupt class you will do well. Sometimes goes a little off topic but doesn't expect you to memorize dates! Overall great teacher, best for motivated students and history lovers!
Professor Tuyay is by far one of the best professors that I have had the pleasure of having, if not the best professor to teach history. He does expect you to do A LOT of reading but come on now, he's not going to spoon feed you. I would highly recommend him to any students that are highly motivated.
Professor Tuyay is definitely brilliant. He provides an enriching insight of Asian American History. He is both very hilarious and wise. I recommend this professor to anyone who wants a professor that explains the subject well with funny stories. I learned alot from this man. Take him :) he's worth it. Make sure you buy the textbook, its vital
Prof. Tuay is gets involved in your educatio. He is a good educater who cares about what he does.
very funny guy, b.s. a lot, lots of extra credit
Tuyay is an excellent teacher. He's very funny, approachable and knows what he's doing. Participation is a must and pay attention. Typically whatever he covers in class will help you on the test. So recording his lectures will help :)
Take Him.. You will learn a lot of Asian history.
I love Tuyay! He's really funny, always making stereotypical jokes. TAKE HIM!!!
Easy give u all the answers
One of the best teachers I ever had. Not an easy A, you earn your grade with him. He does give awesome extra credit. Makes learn interesting, calls out slackers and rewards hard work. Would highly recommend to anyone.
I took Tuyay in 1999. He's a great teacher, plenty of extra credit, easy A. Because of him and his great class, I'm now in Harvard getting my doctorate. Thanks Tuyay.
Great inspiration. Knows his culture and his people. Took me to my first pilipino play "Dog Eaters". Inspired me to get teaching credential and masters degree when most people put southwestern college education down.
This is one of the funniest teachers I've ever had. His class was really fun! Tests are easy if you pay attention in class (which will be easy because he makes it very interesting). TAKE HIS CLASS!
He is great and a funny teacher i always look foward on going to his class however; there is a lot of reading involved in his class and don't wait for the study guide because you shouldn't be reading at the last minute you are suppose to be ahead of the teacher. He gives a lot of extra credit so take advantage of it you might need it in the end.
What an awesome professor! Although his class is not an easy A, one must study each chapter well in order to grasp the material, he explains the concepts clearly and fully well. He is a great teacher, and Southwestern College needs more faculty like him because he teaches with a great sense of humor. Just do your part and you'll enjoy his class.
awsome teacher
great teacher. and no, he doesn't expect you to know everything. if anything, he expects you to know a little more about YOUR OWN CULTURE since it is YOUR CULTURE. if not, then thats why hes there. does a good job relating to the students so that everyone feels comfortable in class. tests are simple enough, takes it from readings/handouts, SO READ!
Amazing teacher, Ive had him for two history classes. Awesome sense of humor, makes the class extremely fun! Gonna miss taking his classes! TUYAY!!!
Professor Tuyay is a great Instructor. He expands the readings in class, so READING the books are very key. He helps you realize alot, so pay attention. He is extremely funny so have fun, but work hard.
Read the chapters and you get lost because he's basically goes indept with that. His jokes are funny THE FIRST TIME ONLY!! He tends to repeat them! Be prepared to end the class with a BIG essay
he was fun and cool professor. You will learned a lot from him
This was my first history class at Southwestern and I was the least to say excited. However, Mr. Tuyay makes you want to learn about history, he gives you all the important information while relaying it to everyday challanges and occurances. If you want a professor who will actually make history exciting to learn about take Mr. Tuyay.
Haha.. Tuyay is a big cheese ball! I just finished his fast track class and it was a lot of information, but he gives you a lot of opportunities for extra credit. If you want to learn about Asian History and don't mind a bit of humor Tuyay's the instructor. He's not like any other history teacher you'll probably get.
This professor make History interesting. He is very entertaining. Just make sure you participate in class and pay attention. Not an easy A or for lazy students. The tests are somewhat hard, but they will test you on whether or not you know the CAUSES of history rather than dates and other trivial facts.
He's awesome!, he's super funny, just don't be a smart ass cause you'll piss him off (until the next class). Lots of extra credit, just have to do them and you'll be OK. Study for the tests! and read before class and you should be fine. Participate and he'll like you.
VERY, VERY, VERY, VERY, VERY, EASY!!!!
He was a very nice and funny man. He tells a lot of short stories, jokes, comebacks, and 1-liners to keep you awake. He gives you questions and topics for the tests. He makes you read quite a bit, too. He even offers plenty of extra credit to do. There's no way you can do bad, unless you're not committed. He's an easy history teacher.
This teacher is comedy! This class would be boring as hell without his jokes. Time fly's when you're having fun. Just got to read and study every once in a while and you'll pass. However, if history is your worst subject (as it is mine), you'll probably struggle on the tests.
really great guy...take his class...
CLASS IS EASY...IF IM DOING GOOD,ANYONE CAN
test kills you!! plus attendance!!! very fun lectures though.. and funny guy!! a lot of goofing around,, but make sure u take notes on what he says ... a lot of reading but on test he only pick out certain part.. very fair,, there's lots of extra credits to make up a bad test grade
the guy is hilarious! loves to make jokes but you cant make jokes! dont talk when hes talking he'll put you in the spot (speaking from experience) he's "hott" he says. but everyone has their own opinion. read the books and study the handouts he gives you. if you want to pass be in his circle!!
Vey FUN teacher, if you like to sit in the class room and stay quiet this is your class, he never ask you, he has a good grading method and help you to pass the class, he almost give you the questions for the exam, it's your fault iy you don't pass.
I hate history but this class was too easy not to pass. He tells you exactly what is going to be on the tests and you have one class presentation that is very easy to prep for. Just take notes and review.
Great Professor! Learned a lot from him about Asian culture and in particular Filipino American culture. This guy is a blast. He's funny at times, but also a no nonsense kind of guy. Professor Tuyay's the best! =)
Very Funny Guy, can make things Very Interesting. Enthusiastic about his work and actually cares about education and the community at large. Only real downfall is that jokes and stories do get distracting.
he is the funniest teacher ever. i really enjoyed being in his class. great teacher :)
He is a great history professor. He makes history fun and interesting to learn. I highly recommend him.
hes good very good
Very inspirational teacher, tells it like it is and is real about it. Is also very hilarious and makes class enjoyable, considering I had a 3 hour block with him.
His lecture is very interesting and fun. Since I started this class I am more aware of our (Asian)background, culture, soc status and necesity of getting involved in the politics. This is an eye opening class for me. Highly recommend to Asian Americans
Tuyay's a teacher that wants students to break stereotypes and do more to unite the asian community. He's hilariuos with the jokes(sometimes cheesy), but it's to keep the students interested. Take his class, and do something positive with what you learn.
COOL PROFESSOR
Tuyay Rocks,Man! Excellent teacher. Pay attention for review sessions and you'll do fine.
EXTRA CREDITS! hes soo easy but at the same time he makes the subject understandable. let him pick on you at times! he picks on people he likes so HAH. :)
Tuyay is the BEST history professor EVER!He is really funny and makes the most boring subject seem interesting!He is very fair!He says "he doesn't give grades, you earn your grades" which is very true!LOTS OF EXTRA CREDIT!GREAT CLASS!
this guy is a great teacher and is super funny.he says stupid things and jumps around like a retard.he also makes weird noises.class is easy.3 tests and a project.
Prof. Tuyay is great. He made learing History a enjoyable experience. I took him for both 100 & 101 and don't regret a single moment. He grades fairly, is very understanding, and tries to relate to the students. Best of all... no memorizing of dates!
One of the most entertaining history teachers! Tests are fair, and reading the book and attending lectures really does help bc they are based straight from the book. Makes history learnable! Proud of his heritage and makes people proud of theirs.
This is a wonderful teacher. HE loves what he does and he trys to make the class fun instead of boring. He has a lot of asian pride because he is asian and he teaches that sourse also. The idiot with the stupid comment =(. You can learn alot from him.
Great class. The teacher was extremely funny and informative. Does not focus on historical dates, which was a relief.
I love Prof. Tuyay. He is so funny. Gives ALOT of xtra credit. Easy tests! You can miss 16 and still get an A. You have 2 read the book, tho. I'd take him for all my Hist classes-Easy A!!!
Very Easy! 2 tests & final. Don't have to take the final if you got an A. Lots of extra credit;DO IT! Take advantage of the extra credit bcuz its worth it. Read the book; it helps. VERY COOL professor. I highly recommend him! Take him during the summer!
He's a really nice and funny guy! As long as you do the work you should pass but the extra credit helps a lot. Write down whatever he says when he goes over the readings because it will most likely be on the tests. Respect him and he will respect you.
funny and the time goes by fast. Must be some dumb idiot
He can even sometimes be funny...
She might seem a bit tough and intimidating at first, but once you get to know her she's not bad at all! She's very helpful if you ask and PAY ATTENTION to what she says! It is not an easy class, but it is not as hard as I had heard. I got a B, barely studied and didn't do any of the homework (not mandatory btw). Her labs are easy.
She is one of the best instructors I've ever had. Very easy if you attend classes and do homework. Exams and quizes are easy and straightforward, nothing tricky. She explains every little detail very well. Teaching style s perfect. Take her, you wont regret it.
She is a great prof, if you do not do good in her class you prob wont do good in university. She is very helpful but will yell at you first, but its for your own good. Students are used to just getting the answers, she actually makes you think. Her lectures are clear and interesting. Her test are hard though.
Prof. Thomas has a different type of teaching style and its EFFECTIVE! If you want to succeed in her class you have to "do the time"...you have to earn your grade. She maybe tough, but its "tough love". She prepares you for the road ahead-4 yr uni...yes shes a hard grader on lab reports but its because she wants her students to be ready for how the
okay. so she may instill fear in your heart. maybe even to the depths of your soul. but if you actually gain the courage to ask her questions (most students refuse) she's actually human. wait. helpful is what i meant. she really does care about how well youre learning the material...but only if she believes that youre willing to learn it.
Very challenging course, she really knows her stuff and wants you to do well. . . however you have to have the time for the course. It is VERY time consuming. You will really know your stuff when you are done.
Although very tough, she is a great teacher. She really loves her job and it reflects in her attitude. Just make sure you do ALL the homework and ask lots of questions!!
#1 don't let her scare you #2 ask her questions when you dont understand #3 dont let her scare you #4 do your homework and ask lots of questions #5 dont let her scare you
His lectures are boring, however, if you pay attention during them, and at least skim the assigned reading, you will get an A or a B. Nobody shows up to the class because attendance is not mandatory, but I recommend going. There is one paper for the semester, I got an 88 on it, and it wasn't too difficult.
I'm not sure why he has such bad ratings, because hes a nice professor and the tests are easy. His lectures can be kind of boring if sociology isn't your thing. The TA is useless though he doesn't grade by the rubric.
Attendance is a must. All the material on the test is covered in class and he posts all the power points online. There are 3 tests, a group paper, and the final which is made up of a essay (the essay question is in the syllabus) and 50 multiple choice questions. The book is a must. Overall, fairly easy class. Great Professor with great hair.
This professor really knows what he is talking about!
Very good professor. He knows what he is talking about and is a very insightful man. One of the best teachers on campus. I highly recommend taking any of his classes offered.
Those who are complaining must not be interested in Sociology. I've taken three classes with him- Wester Cult, Intro to Soc, and Pop Cult. He is VERY interesting and has a great sense of humor. If you don't like sitting in a big room and listening to someone talks for an hour and a half, then don't go to college. And definitely don't take his class
He is a genious. Some of the other poor ratings are from slackers who like lax professors and mundance content. This guy will challenge you and you will be a better person once you are done with this class. An easy A ONLY IF you attend class everyday and do well on the only paper. Take it!
He is only boring if you are an idiot. Truly, this professor is brilliant and presents some of the most data and fact based arguments and philosophies there is. People call him liberal, but he is not. He just unveils the BS and brainwashing that every subscribes to. Really interesting, makes my head spin and gets me thinking. He is life changing.
Good teacher. Class can be somewhat boring. Study his slides to do well on tests. I am an accounting major so definitely not my cup of tea. I thought this would be more about current Popular culture; however about what forms Popular Culture. 3 Tests, Final is not Cumulative. One paper on Pop Culture. Extra Credit Option Available.
THIS IS THE BEST TEACHER IN ALL OF UNCC... very smart, very intelligent, acute, deep, and insightful analysis and observation of pop culture... very interesting lectures for those who have a brain...
Rutledge was a great teacher. He knows his stuff. Yes, you have to take notes and pay attention, but this is college people.
I love Rutledge- he is my absolute favorite professor at UNCC! He's really knowledgeable about the subject matter and his lectures are interesting. He is also very friendly and helpful with whatever you need. You don't have to go to class a lot to do well. Few papers, no homework, but you'll still learn a lot. Take any class that he teaches!
Most insightful professor I've ever had. Gives an alternative perspective on society in general.
Very knowledgable, doesn't need notes professors are SUPPOSED to take the 50 min, it's the class period. Interesting, LIBERAL (u dont need to be republican at all to pass better to be democrat), papers aren't hard, i didn't buy the book and got As, internet notes, doesnt like interruption
Great teacher, but there is no need to go to class. You can make an A without ever being there.
good class
very good teacher
this is one of my best classes this semester, very easy tests if you go to class, do not even have to read the book, people who don't like him are probably stupid
EVERYONE ELSE IS CRAZY! PHIL FOR PRESIDENT! SUCH AN EASY AND STIMULATING CLASS!
I liked him alot. But I am liberal. Suppose I'd be pissed too if I were conservative. Class is like listening for NPR for an hour a day. You can learn alot but that's probably why greeks hate him! If you don't like him it probably because you're stupid!
he explains everything thoroughly and will go over it again if you ask. all you have to do is pay attention and read some. if you think he is boring then you should participate more in class.
lecture class that is 50 minutes of lecture. no attendence, class can be boring. read book, but test come straight from notes from class. tests are easy
Interesting lectures
easy class very easy a kind of boring at times but will work with students when they need it
awesome teacher, will work with you, dont read book just notes off the net=A
Great class great teacher.Tests gauge understanding not memorization
anyone who hated this class is probably an idiot
He speaks in monotone, but the class is great! Take it in the afternoon though.
Very interesting; brings up great points. Approachable and knowledgeable.
Great teacher; very knowledgable- EASY CLASS!
intelligent, , fair. yes, many teachers involve lecture info. on tests.
Awesome class! Very Controversial Class & Teacher will change your view of Amer.
I don't see where he was boring at all. He had a lot of interesting topics he went over. He's a genuinely nice person and he'll give you the help you need if you need it. It was a little tricky figuring out what he wanted at first in the reflection papers, but you'll get guidance in the right direction. Make sure to use the test study guides!
Makes a good advisor, since my major is NRC
Great teacher, very clear about expectations and very willing to help. take her class if you get the chance!
Excellent teacher. She is greatly missed
amie was great. i learned so much in her class. she makes you think and she makes you explain your thinking. i don't like that now the class is taught by graduate students or - god forbid - prof shockey
If it wasn't for her, I would have NEVER passed my math praxis! My class was rude to her, talking while she lectured, making it difficult to really understand her, I felt that the students acted like high schoolers!Too bad she is gone, she was a valuable asset to the math department!
Great teacher. She makes you work hard and is a straight shooter. Do the homework and go to office hours if you need anything. She knows and loves math and it shows!
I can't believe Amie isn't teaching anymore. She was the best thing to happen to math education at umaine and she will be greatly missed by the students. Get her back!!
excellent teacher. every class is interesting and stimulating and she is fair and respectful to all students
great class! she has creative ways of presenting things that really make you think
Excellent class. You work hard and learn a lot
take this course! it will help you be a better teacher when you get into your own classroom
very clear desriptions of difficult concepts
excellent course. she makes geometry come alive
Excessively easy.Skipped class all semester.Did all tests in last week of class.
Very interesting class. Hayes gives a lot of examples which are fun and useful. If you want more than C in this class go to lectures and TAKE NOTES. He does not lie when telling that 50% of the material in the tests is from notes.
Tough, but fair and helpful.
excellent, loved the class
Easy to pick up the material and clear teaching style- writing on the board following a general outline. One lecture class worth attending.
Very nice, interesting and helpful. He is organized and lets you know exactly what you need to study. After a test, he returns it to you with the page numbers of the information. It's a little challenging but if you go to class and study, gold!
a lot of people that will say not to take him but honestly I thought he was clear, concise, and genuinely cared about his students. Pretty good with names and doesnt ignore student questions and concerns. I'd take him again.
clear, tests are easy if you go to class (I barely touched the books)
Super professor! I think he's a great teacher, and a great person!
Great sense of humor! Class attendance a must...
Professor Gupta was a great teacher and I was very fortunate to have him for two semesters in a row. Do not believe the poor comments because they are not true. He has an accent, but that forced me to pay attention! Awesome Teacher and Person! Thanks!
Bhisham was amazing! I could understand him just fine and he was interested in the student's progress. I've taken other math classes with John Brunette, who is horrible, stay away from him! Bhisham made me understand the concepts and defeated my fear of mathematics. Thanks, Dr. Gupta! Well Done.
great professor.
Great Professor
If you are looking for an easy "A" don't take this class. She is a tough grader and there is a lot of work. However, if you do take her class you will grow a lot as a writer. Make sure to go to office hours and keep up with the work (there is a lot). Doerfling is one of the most dedicated teachers I have had. Good luck.
Lots of work, but very rewarding. Great teacher with a passion for the subject.
Excellent Teacher, really cares about her students, do homework, get at least B
Cassie's a fair teacher. The class isn't hard. Make sure you read the material.
Fantastisk lrer!
Dr. Shin is a rarity in the SDSU MIS department. He has done more for my academic success than any other professor. He does have an accent but it is not bad. He is empathetic and reasonable. His test are difficult but for 687 test answers can be found in his book. Do the book exercises. His test are part typical multiple choice and part exercersice
Took him for 6 week summer session. Lectures were online video along with powerpoint slides. We were given exercise questions to practice. He did zoom for office hours which was super helpful. Its really easy if you give yourself enough time to practice and go through the material. He was really patient and helpful when answering my questions.
Not hard....4 tests and all from the book...make sure you do excersises and read the book since the tests include not only calculation, but definition questions as well...got C for the first 2 exams and B on the last 2...and overall got B =)..hes nice as well!
Ditto on the previous comment "Dr. Shin is very enthusiastic about what he teaches and explains concepts thoroughly.... One of the best professors I've had in a long time."
One of the best professor at SDSU! Know the study guide handouts real well to get an A or B in class. has about 3-4 pop quzzies
Dr. Shin is very enthusiastic about what he teaches and explains concepts thoroughly. I wish he taught more classes in the graduate IDS program. One of the best professors I've had in a long time.
Syllabus clearly outlines what reading is expected, and it can be a lot to keep up with. If you're not in class you won't pass, but if you show up the instructions are pretty clear. She gives great feedback when she gets around to it and is the only English teacher I've had that kept me interested in the subject.
Billitteri is truly one of the smartest and most caring professors at UMaine. Her lectures are always interesting and extremely helpful for workshops, assignments, etc.; attending class is definitely a must for a passing grade. She always provides excellent feedback and is always helpful within and outside of class. Highly recommend!
Carla is intelligent and passionate. Her lectures foster a deep, philosophical understanding of concepts in narrative theory, such that they can be applied far beyond the scope of traditional written literature. The workload was very manageable, and her assigned readings included texts written by Black, Queer, Jewish, Latine, and Woman authors.
This professor is the real deal. A lot of students come to college and don't ever really want to use their brains. If you put in the work, then you will not have any of the issues others are ranting about on here. She DOES allow for creative interpretations. She IS approachable and helpful. But, yes , if you are looking for easy, look elsewhere.
Carla is incredibly challenging, true, but she's completely brilliant. If you really put thought and effort into the class you'll do well and earn her respect.
She is incredibly brilliant and puts a lot of time and effort into the class - more so than most profs.
very knowledgeable, very smart and very helpful
Brilliant but tough. Most students too egocentric to realize her significance.
The reading in this class is incredible literature
I have already had a high opinion of Dr Miller when I had him in HTY279 so I jumped at the chance to take a class with him where he is one of the best American historians for the class subject, South Africa, this is a course that covers 400 years of history in 1 semester so go to every class. If you take good notes from his lectures, you'll be fine
Nicest professor I've had yet at Umaine!
love the subject
good class!
good class
Smart, funny, and -- why has no one mentioned this? -- smokin' hot! Take his classes if you want to learn.
Excellent professor. Very difficult but you learn alot. Very good. If you give it your all you will do well.
Probably the smartest man I've ever met. Class is easy if you show up and take notes, and he gives you a guidebook to take notes in that you use on the final. Tests are all heavily curved, and the HW is easy without the textbook (pdf provided.) Extremely knowledgable, willing to answer any questions. Wouldn't recommend the constellation card game.
Greatest professor I think I will ever be privileged enough to have. By far the smartest human I've encountered, absolute genius. This guy does not need to be teaching students with his remarkable history, could easily sit back and relax, but he chooses to change the perspectives of many young minds in order to understand these sciences!
Very good professor. Definitely knows what he is talking about, and wants to make sure you do, too. It's awesome to have a professor this enthusiastic about what he is teaching. His astronotes book is really helpful. The exams require a lot of memorization, but other than that the other grades in the class can be easy 100s.
Great guy, he also wrote a lot of books. The best thing about him is he takes complicated ideas and makes them as simple as possible in order for you to understand.
A nice guy, always helpfully answered students questions and seemed passionate and knowledgeable about the material. Tests were, IMO, very easy and scaled. Learning the constellations was a bit of a pain, and seemed useless but otherwise a very nice introductory course.
Great teacher; he was a very friendly guy and, despite the difficult tests, he was willing to offer help and go out of his way for students. I loved his lectures and the few presentations that he showed in class. Overall great class; just watch out for his tests.
This guy is the man! It was one of the few classes i actually looked forward to going to. you can tell hes totally into what he's teaching and loves every minute of it. There's a lot of information to learn and the constellations are a pain to learn but it was all worth it in my book. make sure you take this class seriously
He makes difficult concepts easy to understand. This man knows what he's talking about. It's easy to see that he enjoys the subject.
Very intelligent and easy to understand. Does a good job making somewhat dry material bareable. The notebook sold with the textbook is VERY helpful. And I totally agree with whoever said he was a cute older man.
VERY bright guy who presents some bland and difficult material in a very interesting way. Some good stories. Tough areas in class, but if you apply yourself you'll get through with a solid GPA booster. One of my favorite professors thus far
He was amazing, by far the best teacher that I've had in college... His tests were fairly easy and his lectures were clear. He will take time from class to answer ANY questions that you may have.
One of the best professors I had!!! I never had trouble going to his class because I always wanted to be there.. the tests weren't bad either .. I really really enjoyed this class!!
This was a fun class. Nobody had an excuse to get lost in the lecture either. It was all nicely outlined in the notebook you had to buy for the class. Brilliant lecturer, if you talk to him, he WILL help you, AND he will make time to help you.
One of the best Profs I've had. There's a TON of stuff to cover in the class, but he is good about explaining everything and answering all questions.
Tough class but an awesome teacher. He makes it interesting. REALLY knows what he's talking about, and of course he goes by the book...HE WROTE IT.
Very knowledgeable, an entertaining lecturer. He really knows his stuff and makes it easy to learn, always willing to answer any questions and tests are very straight-forward. I never even looked in my book and pulled an easy A!
Great class.... very interesting. He knows his stuff
Easy A. One of the best professors I've had. If you fail you are retarded.
Follows the book, very knowledgable!
Follows the book 100%
Very thorough!! Makes the class interesting so that you want to listen!
Delightful to listen to. Very thorough and logical.
Makes a vast amount of information manageable. Fair exams. Loves his subject.
One of the best teachers here, and very smart
BY FAR the best teacher in the Astronomy Dept...hell he wrote the text book
Love Maria! She is such a character!
Professor Maria Tijan-Wieck: scathingly sarcastic or sweet/sympathetic..awesome
AMazinggg
Best professor on campus, everything he says is true. A true mans man who isn't afraid to voice his opinions.
The most brilliant man alive! He's sooo cute. I wanna take him home with me!
Most inspiring teacher I've ever had
The best professor here.
credit to UMO - doesn't get credit or respect he deserves from students or board
One of Umaine's finest.
Great prof, one of a kind, could use more profs. like him
Very intelligent professor. She is always there for her students!
Amazing professor!
Love her!
At first the class was diff. but the info isn'tthat hard, and the labs are easily done in like 15-30 mins... The tests are hard... You really need to study for them. But If you need help she is there for you. Tip=make good friends with the TA...
Pretty easy class if you attend the lectures and read the material. She is out
An amazingly smart and intelligent woman. Gave great information and lectures!
An amazing class and so much to learn. She teaches in an interactive, attention-grabbing way. You can tell she really cares about the subject matter. She is funny and gives us candy which certainly doesn't hurt! I wish I could take another class with her.
I have taken several courses with her and she is one of my favorite professors. She is very passionate about her courses, as well as knowledgeable. She is a great professor, as well as an amazing mentor. I highly recommend building a bond with her outside the classroom, as she is a professor that cares about her students, well past graduation.
I took this course during the 3-week winter session. It was fast-paced, but very well organized. You had to watch the lecture videos and discuss it, along with 3 exams and 1 essay. Dr. Caron is a great teacher and teaches this important topic with passion.
Easy class, 3 1,000 word Essays, and 3 quizzes. That's it. The whole semester. Easy A, great TA's, the lectures sometimes got boring but she always knew how to spice it up. Many extra credit opportunities.
When reading the other reviews on Dr. Caron, try to take the bad ones with a grain of salt. This class was super easy, and honestly very interesting. She is nice, caring, and willing to work with students to succeed. She's very knowledgable! Many extra credit options. The workload is very manageable. Grading is very fair - you get what you put in.
As long as you go to class and pay attention you will be fine. Her exams are heavily based on info from attending lectures. She is a fair grader and her lectures are genuinely interesting 95% of the time. She cares about her students and wants you to do well in her class.
Love this woman!
Dr. Caron is the best prof I have had a umaine. She is helpful and fair.
She is so nice and sweet. Very well renowned and knows her stuff. My mom had her when she went here and loved her and then i took her class and loved her! Your grade relies on 3 essays and your exams, but they arent difficult, just pay attention. The material is very interesting, and she has a lot of fun guest speakers. I never missed a class!
Sandy Caron has an enormous heart. Dont be afraid to approach her for one on one conversation. Respect her and she will respect you! She offers a lot of extra credit, its easy to pass.
This woman is such a sweetheart! Very passionate about teaching and that is made clear. Very open minded and accepting of other's beliefs. VERY FUNNY and witty! This is one of the best classes I have taken and if I could take it again just for fun I would.
Amazing lectures and worth every minute! She's an excellent professor and person and although she may seem stand-offish, she is far from it. Also attended the CHF351 Europe trip and learned even more of how great of a professor she is. Highly recommend!
Favorite teacher at the University of Maine
VERY EASY CLASS. Honestly, the class is super interesting. I don't agree with the way Dr. Caron approaches topics but I do agree with As. In this class, you'll get an A if you keep all of the crosswords and study them for the test. Basically meaning, you have to go to class. Lots of extra credit options too!
I took all of Dr. Caron's classes as an undergrad and graduate student and also taught for her while she was on sabbatical. Excellent professor--the negative comments here are students who were either too lazy to do any work or are angry thinking they "deserved" an "A" because they paid for the class. Saw many of them while at UMO..:)
Excellent professor. Keeps class very interesting and engaging for students. Exams are easy. It should be an easy A.
Human Sexuality...best class. Interesting. She has what she believes, but doesn't force it. I think she's a great professor, and is open to any questions. Easy easy class and so worth it!
Dr. Sandy Caron is certainly knows her stuff. She makes learning interesting in the sense that she has lots of fun activities, and the reading material is not to boring (it is sexuality we are talking about). I like that she played music in the beginning of class and that all the exams were themed (CIA, pajamas...) Her exams are fair!
Dr. Caron is hands down the most kind and understanding professor I have EVER had. This semester has brought about a series of unfortunate events for me and she has listened to and accommodated me through every event (including READING THE WRONG BOOK!). Her lectures are fun and very interesting and you WILL learn something new. Take her class!
Dr. Caron is Amazing. Any class with her is worth taking. I have taken 3 and loved them all. She is not a man-basher, she is only honest and intelligent concerning gender issues. People who say she is a man-basher obviously have no background in gender studies. I suggest they take their heads out of the sand.
AWESOME TEACHER. She is absolutly hillarious. ive taken chf200 and chf351 with her and I love Sandy. She is very funny and very informative. Gives lots of extra credit and if you show up for class its really hard to fail her classes. I recomend any class taught by Sandy Caron to eveyone. You can tell she really enjoys what she does.
Sandy is the best teacher I have had at the University. She is very caring, and always willing to help out :)
Both of these classes were great.
Professor Caron is the best professor that I have ever had!! She makes the classes fun and interesting...and the tests and homework are easy easy easy!!
Great Class, I absolutely love the material she goes over and I love her style of teaching!
Dr. Caron is awesome! I love her class. The material is very interesting and she makes class a lot of fun. She works very hard juggling 375 students. Whatever UMaine is paying her is not enough. Give her a raise!
Great Class
Awesome teacher! Awesome person! Her classes are fun and filled with great information! I'd take all of her classes again if I could!
Great Class.. :O)
Dr. Caron is wonderful! I took both of her classes at the same time (clasrom/on line). You learn a lot and she makes them all fun! She goes the extra mile to make classes worth attending--guest speakers, skits, etc. Listen to her--it could save your life or a lot of money getting divorced!
i enjoyed my time in prof. Carons class very much and look forward to taking more of her classes! Shes very interesting and holds attention well( a very rare gift in teachers ive noticed)! Bravo!
Who wouldn't want to take Human Sex? Hilarious class, probably the only class where I actually went to every one. She's funny, there are a lot of books but the class is easy enough. I surprisingly learned a lot too.... Very fun!
I took both these classes with her, both were very interesting and easy, she is a good teacher who gives everyone a fair chance to get a good grade.
Who couldn't love Sandy- and she's a Pi Phi!
Wonderful professor, she is energetic and funny. The class is also very interesting.
Great course! Sandy is very nice and she's a great teacher.
Sandy is by far the best professor I have ever had.
SO NICE! Very good class, easy tests tho :-P
One of the greatest professors of our time!
AWESOME teacher- can't wait to take another of her classes
She is so cool! Really neat person and open minded.
Dr. Caron is the best professor I have had! She is great!
Excellent Prof. Best I've ever had!
Had a great 1.5 years of class with her. She is dedicated and does care
very nice and cool
Sandy is very fair and takes the time to make sure you know what is expected
VERY AWSOME TEACHER ALL FRESHMEN SHOULD TAKE THIS CLASS
She teaches the importance of Sex, what could be more interesting than that??
Sandy is the best! I wish I could take this class again!
Her classes make the semester a cake walk!
Dr. Petersen is the best professor any incoming freshman could have. He reminds me so much of Mr. Feeny! He's very helpful and he truly does care about his students. His honors class is very difficult if you're not an English guru, but he's more than happy to teach you how to write a wonderful paper. Taking his honors class again next semester. :)
Very educated and open to different ideas. extremely intimidating however, learned a ton and loved going to class!
He is a great Professor! He expects you to do what you your told, but he also makes what you need to do clear. He expects you to be responsible, but he is also understanding when things come up. I recommend this course and I wish more teachers and professors were more like him. He can also have a lot of fun in his classes
Great Teacher who will do whatever it takes to help you pass. He truely wants his students to learn and suceed!
Peterson is an EXCELLENT teacher. He truely TEACHES in the purest form. He allows room for insight and evaluation, while guiding the students toward a blissful realizm of the words on the page.
Excellent teacher, very willing to meet with students outside of class
Great teacher. Class was extremely hard but it was never because he was incompetent, it's more so the amount of content and the pace he sets. Make sure you form a good study group. Also, do not take 1070 if you're looking for a natural science credit. It's education.
Best teacher I have ever had. The class is hard, but if you work at it, it's worth it. He's very helpful, and you learn a lot. People don't like him, but it's because they're afraid of hard work.
At the begining of the semester tell yourself your going to make an A and go for it!He is one of the most well educated teachers I know.He expects you to know EVERYTHNG he talks about.Know all the charts backwards and forwards for the exams and you will do decent on the test. I got an A in the class, but I worked hard for it. Take detailed notes!
Very educated man. I enjoyed his class, and the challenge of his tests. I learned more than I ever thought possible. He is a super nice guy that expects everyone to make what he/she earns.
Saya is a gift to the English department and you genuinely have to try to fail an assignment. Just try not to skip and do your readings.
Very interesting teacher! Most days you have a reading assignment and a 5 question quiz over that reading. Final is a presentation over a poem. He loves his poetry.
Saya is funny, and serious about his literature. Only take this class if you love writing. He is really easy on the grading. Be ready to decipher poems, and go to class with your thinking cap on.
Great class! Small 5 question quiz everyday on a reading from the night before. Not very hard though. He's very funny and he gives you an opportunity to raise your grade at the end of the semester.
no papers. no final exam. All you do is read and have quizzes Just read the pages he assigns and you will pass the quizzes and pass the class.
Tom Saya is the best thing in the English Department. I recommend him highly but "KNOW YA BIRDS!"
Really funny, was actually able to make British Lit exciting.
I adore Mr. Saya. There are no exams in his class so you are not required to retain details for weeks. He is a great guy and does everything possible to help his students. This is my last required literature/English class but if I had anymore to take I would take any of his.
Very interesting class. He gives no test or exams, but there is a quiz in his class every day. Quizzes are easy providing you read the assignment. He tries to be funny at times but doesn't succeed. Very good and helpful. Very easy class. Take this class!!
Saya is absolutely the best professor I have ever had. His classes were a great experience. He gives a lot of easy quizzes (provided you do the assigned reading), and his final is actually fun! He has a strangely calm personality that's hard to describe, but it's a good one. Best professor ever, period.
Awesome professor. I absolutely hate lit, and opted to take an additional one just bc of him. Daily quizes over readings...not super difficult. Great guy! Take his class
Saya is an AWESOME professor. All you have to do is attend class and make sure you read. There are no tests at all. Just daily reading and daily quizzes. You also have to do a 5 minute presentation over a poem of your choice at the end of semester. Super easy class. Highly recommend taking his class!
A favorite professor! Saya's class is pretty laid back, but you learn quite a bit. He will help you understand what he wants out of an assignment if you're not sure, but it's a creative writing class. He gives you some boundaries for each assignment. You have to make decisions from there. If you don't feel good about that, take something else.
Great Professor! Not hard. No tests, just several quizzes. One final which is a presentation, or at least it was in my class. He's very funny person with a terrific personality! Take this person if you have the chance!
Saya's the man. Great teacher. Great guy. Take him for as many classes as you can. I wish he taught calculus.
Dude is a magician
My favorite Prof in college. He is very helpful laid back this could have been a terrible class but he made you want to read and understand the material! He is really hott too in a Johnny Depp way.
Saya is a very easy teacher. He is not an easy teacher like the kind that talk about themselves and you don't learn anything. He is the kind that teaches you more than you've ever learned, but you still get an A on everything. Try to give him respect. He is a wonderful contribution to the English Department at TTU. TAKE HIS CLASS IF YOU CAN!
Had him for Intro to Creative Writing and also the Poetry section. Great guy, very understanding, very laid back. If you get lower than a B you're dumb. Don't buy the book unless you're unfamiliar with different writing styles and need examples of what he assigns. Awesome class.
He is a nice man who lets you out of class for 1/2 the semester to write your papers. Just follow his detailed instructions in what he wants from each paper (4) and you will have an easy A
Saya looks like Rasputin or even Jesus and is very very easy. We had class less than we didn't. I would expect at least two months of not going to class.
I highly recommend taking him! He's a real nice guy, very laidback. After a paper is assigned, you rarely have class because he lets you have that time to write the paper. Half the semester you aren't even in class. Easy A as long as you turn in your work and put forth the effort!
Reminds me of Jean Claude Van Damme before he cut his hair off. Funny guy that likes to laugh and have class discussions. All you have to do is turn your work in on time and you will have no problems.
This class was some what fun with Saya, he was hard core on group work so you didn't just have to sit and listen to him talk. The whole semester I thought I had a B since my papers were, but I still wound up with an A.
TAKE THIS GUY, i never got above an 85 on any of my 5 papers that i was supposed to do, and turned in all but one late, and ended up with an a in the class. he is a really nice guy, will cancel class a lot at the end, and usually lets you out early every time
Writing has never been one of my strong points. I took professor Saya's class in the summer and made an A !! He is a great teacher. He encourages you to think and write creatively, not simply write things the way HE wants them done. I would take a class he teaches any time.
easy teacher. Do you work and this will be the easiers comp 2 class ever
Perhaps a bit of a hippy or a least exhibits the ideals, cool guy, seems to actually care about everyone's opinions
great class i would take him again very easy
He is a very good professor. The syllabus tells exactly what needs to be done, and as long as you follow the syllabus .. you will get an A. just make sure the citations are correct.
Saya is a great professor. He cares about the students. He is easy on grading. He really makes you think about the issues and yourself. A+++!!!
LOVE THAT CLASS! very easy and hey, his syllabus rocks...class- hardly ever (due to essays) You have a few homeworks worht 2.5pts and the rest are essays...VERY EASY! just be sure to show to class-very hard on attendence
he the man! this is the best teacher so far. he likes to get people stirred up about hot issues, and helikes to debate. Subjects we have wrote about are very cool.
Dr. Saya is awesome! He never keeps you in class the whole time, but you don't feel like the class was a waste either. I learned so much from him and I would take him for every English class if I could. Take him for English 3250 if you can!
great teacher, very laid back, open minded, and funny. never any busy work, when you're done with what needs to be done class is over. definatley should take him if you can.
He likes opinions. Very open and honest to dicussion. Does not mind to let out class early. Fairly easy teacher.
wish he taught classes in other department too
A displaced hippy, he always tries to involve the students, even when they don't want to be involved. But if they resist, they won't find him an easy A by any means. I read the material and participated in class and got my A, so you can, too.
easy. laid back and you never stay in class for long. sometimes he's lazy and cancels for no reason. greatest proffesor ever.
sometimes his 1.25hr long professional communications course will last 30mins
He doesn't curve that I can see, but he is really laid back and a great guy. He is interesting and usually has some kind of class interaction. No tests or quizzes in ENG 325, just 9 small projects (resume, etc.) and 1 group project (you will write 3 pg)
Great teacher. Very helpful. Learned a lot in this class. I wish he taught more classes. Definately recommended.
Very easy
just go to class and inter-act and you'll do fine
Very straightforward approach to teaching. The do work and you will do well.
He is very picky about notation. His methodical ways of solving problems are helpful. He uses most of class time answering questions about the homework. Hint: do your homework before it's due.
Great teacher I wish he could teach every ECE class
Very helpful professor and a great person. Always willing to go out of her way to help the students. Exams are pretty easy. attendance can be a killer though as it counts for 30 percent of your grade.
Jane is the best prof ever
Seth is a wonderful professor and well-respected across campus - definitely one of the nicest professors I've had here. I found the lectures were too info heavy and hard to understand at most times so I feel as though I didn't retain much information. He was pretty laidback with deadlines/grading and the lab portion of class was fun to experience.
Dr. Tyler is well respected among his colleagues and is very knowledgeable. He is always willing to help and, generally, willing to extend deadlines (sometimes very far) if you are having difficulties with the material. Amazing professor, slightly unclear lectures though.
Great teacher!
Good for visual learners, encourages independent thinking, cares about students.
i kinda liked him, the pictures are great for visual learners
I agree. Seth is great. He really makes you think!
You wouldn't know a intelligent, wonderful professor if s/he bit you in the butt
Dr. Farthing is the quintessential college professor. He does not spoon-feed his students. If you want to do well in his classes you actually have to study and show up. Yes, he's old school. Which means he has seen every kind of lazy student there is, so don't try that here. If you don't do the work, don't trash the prof here. That's just spiteful.
mr. Farthing is a great teacher. he outlines his class very well. his tests are fair and accurate. i think most students don't understand his humor because they are dumb. i had the opportunity to take a class were he was a student. he is a humble, intelligent, and humurous person. he deserves far more respect than these clearly immature students.
I enjoyed having professor Farthing as an instructor. He had a very dry humor that was amusing. Liked in-class discussions, and talks about pot alot when referring to research studies, I would reccomend a night class with him once a week. Tests were easy, all multiple choice!
Very clear with points. Lectures flow smoothly with extremely interesting info. There is a lot to know, but very do-able. Listens to others view points. Has great bonus problems on tests. The world should take his classes.
Knowledgeable, not the most exciting but good professor & fair grader
I really can't see where the complaints come in. He's been exceptionally helpful and he really knows his material. He may be a bit off in left field, but he generally has good intentions. I can't say how he is in "The Nature of Story", but I think he gets to be a lot better in higher-level classes. I'd recommend ENG 435 with him.
I took a couple different classes with Wilson and I enjoyed both of them very much. His class on Middle Eastern Literature made me actually start enjoying church.
He is a tough grader to motivate you, but in the end, if you put in the effort, you'll get the grade. He has high expectations but really helps you to achieve them, and shows you techniques on how to be a better writer.
He is a very good professor, he keeps his classes on track while still keeping things interesting. I enjoyed attending the classes and learned quite a bit.
very helpful and smart, i learned more in his class than in many others
Excellent. Witty, helpful, not afraid to be blunt.
hey Action Jackson thanks for the trip to England man
One of the best but don't be fooled by his easygoing manner. He's tough!
Unfortunately, this is Bernhardt's final semester. He has been a gift to this school and was easily the best professor I have had as a CIE Major. Also, his TA Trevor is a literal saint. The man's office hours and time in the tutoring center can literally bring your grade from a D to an A if you just got them before exams.
The guy is hilarious, nice, helpful, and knows his stuff. A+ he makes the class a breeze by teaching it so well and just amazing. We need more professors like him.
Always wants what's best for his students.
Engaging lectures, great at explaining difficult topics and providing examples. Always clearly outlines expectations for exams and creates good study guides. Homework assignments are short and assigned once a week, are easily completed with the aid of notes and lecture slides. Has been incredibly gracious in adjusting his class to online learning.
I have never had a professor before Dr. Bernhardt that can make a 7pm lecture entertaining. Dr. Bernhardt challenges you while still making it very possible to get an A if you put in the time and effort. He provides all the resources you need to succeed on exams, and will boost your grade based on effort and recitation attendance. He's a gem.
Dr. Bernhardt is not only brilliant, he cares about his students. It is evident from his lectures how knowledgeable he is, and he is always willing to explain things in his office hours. Hes approachable, gives partial credit, and is funny enough to make up for the fact that the final went until 10pm. One of the best professors at UMaine.
I took PHY121 with Bernhardt and he was great. He was my favorite professor while i was up at UMO. He gave great lectures, was available after class, and make sure the TA's were doing what he was teaching. If you showed effort, you would get the grade you deserved, like going to class, doing hw, studying, labs, help. Otherwise, i would recommend
Bernhardt is hilarious. I loved this class, would definitely take another with him as the prof.
I took both PHY 121 and 122 with Dr. Bernhardt, physics is a subject that can become complicated very quickly but he made the concepts easy to comprehend. He is a great professor and I always recommend him to anyone taking PHY 121 or 122. As long as you do the work and come to class it's an easy A. He is also very helpful during office hours!
He's a fun professor and knows the material well. He can explain things simply and gives students the opportunity to ask questions after the lecture. Works well in conjunction with the TA's; if you do the work you'll get the grade you deserve.
Great class, do your homework and study it.
Dr. Bernhardt is honestly the best professor Ive had here, and my major isnt even in his department. If you take physics with him and put in some effort, guaranteed youll enjoy the class and learn a lot. If you have a choice between 121/22 and 111/12, choose him. I only wish he taught more classes, because I would take all of them!
For my physics 121 class I did not have Dr. Bernhardt and I was very confused for most of the semester. I took phy 122 with Dr. Bernhardt and I don't think that there was one time where I was confused or never fully understood something. He is a very fair test giver, and uses samples in lecture that resemble closely to the homework. Great teacher
Dr. Bernhardt gives extremely fair tests and proper material to review before them. If you study the materials, you'll do great in this class!
Unlike other professors, Dr. Bernhardt knows how to grab your attention during lectures so you can stay engaged and really learn the concepts, which makes going to class worthwhile. He lets you know exactly what will be on the tests so you can prepare well for them, and the TAs are phenomenal! Just don't use your phone during the lectures.
Really one of the best professors at UMaine. Hilarious lectures, presents material clearly, lets you know exactly what to expect on tests/finals, good feedback on homework. Combined with recitation it's hard not to do well here.
Awesome professor overall. Highly recommend doing the homework with a group!
The best physics professor, but you still need to work to get a good grade. Homework takes a while, but do it well and you will do well on tests as well.
He helps you to see the beauty of physics.
Amazing Teacher! Loves what he does.
Super easy. Try and get your hands on some old tests. He's an annoying person in class and irritates me but class was so easy.
Excellent Professor. Class individual, was thorough and easy to understand. Tests were EXACTLY like the homework with different numbers, HIGHLY recommend. Makes physics fun and easy to listen to.
Great professor! Keeps it interesting and makes you want to come to class. Great at explaining material and is very willing to help if you want it. Attendance to Lab and Recitation is mandatory but class is usually large so missing a class isn't noticed. When large portion of class is missing he may do "pop quizzes"
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GET HIM
Excellent professor! Always willing to help, labs were fairly interesting for a physics lab. Funny, awesome guy!
(121/122)Easy professor. Not looking to trick you. Homework isn't bad,assigns about 5 problems a week. Very helpful. Tests are over lecture and homework problems. If you can get old tests your set, as they pretty much are the same. Don't buy the book, DO NOT NEED OR USE!Labs are boring and useless. Lecture is worth attending.
Enjoyable, helpful, and enthusiastic. Great course and an even better professor. Can't wait for 122
(for 121 too) Nice prof, teaches clearly, always incorporates interesting info into his lectures. Weekly hw, but it's not bad; in fact if you study the hw, know the study guide, and read over in class notes there's no reason you can't get an 80-105 on each exam. I should've gotten a B in the class but got a A- because he saw I improved over time
Without a dought the best professor i have had at Umaine. Very clear with what he is teaching and makes physics interesting. His exams are fair because he actually tests us on what we learned unlike most professors. Has a great sense of humor. I wish I could have him for more classes!
The class is difficult for some people but he is a very good professor and very clear. If you are bad at physics you will completely understand when you are done with his class. If you do the homework and practice the questions you are guaranteed a hundred on the test.
I hated Physics when I took it in high school, but with Bernhardt it was more bearable and clear. There's a weekly homework, but he's a great teacher.
The best professor on campus. Makes the subject fun and interesting, and is genuinely concerned about the progress of his students. Don't take Smith, wait the semester and take Bernhardt.
Unbelievable teacher. Hands down one of the best professors at UMaine, surely a bright spot for the school. Breaks content down Barney-style for anyone. Very focused on student development. Not one bad thing about his teaching.
Whenever someone asks me who my best professor was during my very extended attendance at the University of Maine, I tell them "George Bernhardt". While I rated the easiness as "easy", its not because he is a pushover, its because he makes learning physics so easy that anyone can learn it from him.
The best professor I've had at the university by far, always willing to help and actually makes class fun and interesting.. not easily done with second semester physics
Excellent professor, definitely one the top 3 professors I've had so far.
The best prof I had at U Maine.
He makes physics interesting and completely bearable. i dont suggest any other prof
I'm now a grad student in biology, and George Bernhardt is by far the best professor I've had at this University. It's not easy making physics fun (believe me, I hate physics) but somehow he manages to make you somewhat interested in it, and make attending class fun. Every professor should attend his class to learn to become better instructors.
great and professional
Very helpful teacher, really nice in office hours. Really made lecture interesting and his tests weren't bad plus he grades fairly.
The best UMaine has to offer. Great teacher, really loves his job.
GREAT teacher. Very outgoing and exciting man. Taking a summer class with him was a breeze. The more time you spend around this man, the better off you'll be later in life. GREAT TEACHER! Tests aren't too bad.
They should make a movie about this man!!! It is rare indeed to have a professor capable of teaching everyone in the class physics!!! If I had taken this class as a freshman I would have changed my major to physics!!!
George Bernhardt is the kind of teacher every teacher should strive to be. He has a true love for teaching. It is evident in his lectures and help sessions that he loves students and loves his job. If you are going to take physics, do not even THINK about taking anyone else. If taking him means you have to graduate late, then graduate late.
I'm sure you've heard the statement, "Bernhardt is the man!" He really, really is. He is by far the best professor at UMaine. He wants his students to do well, which I have found to be rare at this school. He makes Physics fun and understandable. Great sense of humor. Class are worth attending.
Whatever you do, take physics with this man. You will be doing yourself a favor. He is very helpful and will make the class enjoyable. Do not take with Smith. No reason to torture yourself when Bernhardt is teaching the class.
Makes physics fun and understandable!
Hands down, the most amazing professor I've ever had. I hate physics, but he taught it in a way that evokes interest. I learned a lot from his class. Great guy and teacher.
He made my semester. Thanks!
Take this class with HIM not SMITH. Lets you know the important stuff and explains it easy to understand. Jokes help your grade. yay
This guy is a great teacher and keeps class very entertaining! Makes a hard subject easy to understand.
the best prof. in Umaine
Wonderful. Knows everyone's name, has a genuine compassion for teaching and physics.
good guy, great teacher
Great teacher...explains everything like it was soo simple you should have already know it...Excellent all around..will help you anytime he is free for any reason
The best & most qualified professor I have had. You actually enjoy being in a physics class with him.
Bernhart wants students to enjoy physics like he does. he almost suceeds.
The most awesome professor I've had to date. He was hilarious
Fantastic professor. His goal is for the student to learn-not to trick us up.
Bernhardt RULES! Period.
v. straightforeward. no cruve balls. likes to hear himself talk. nice guy.
This guy makes physics fun, well almost
best prof I've had
better than smith by far
He does an awesome job, puts most prof to shame
Fun, informative, high energy, great prof
He is the best in Physics
Best physics professor EVER. Keeps things interesting. Gotta love cheesy jokes.
he's the coolest prof i've ever had
The class covered a lot of material but it was easy to follow along with his lectures. All his tests and homework are on paper, meaning no MyMathLab. Homework assignments were very brief and exams were straightforward and had extra credit questions. As long as you attend class, take notes, and study a little bit the class is pretty easy
He is a very nice guy and it is clear that he cares how his students do in his class. He makes concepts clear and interesting, and he uses examples in class that are similar to both homework and test problems. The tests are fairly easy, and he makes it easy to get a good grade in the class if you put your time in and show up to class.
Dr. Lvin was the best professor I have ever had in math. He is extremely clear about concepts in his class, and the expectations on his exams. If you don't show up or don't pay attention, you will not do well, but he is so clear in illustrating concepts, if you do the homework and pay attention, you wont have a issue.
Absolutely amazing professor. Takes time to cover multiple examples per class to ensure a full grasp on each subject before moving to the next. If you have a question, he is more than willing to sit down for as long as you need to understand the material at hand. His previews for exams perfectly cover test materials. Take his classes!!!
Really awesome. Explains concepts in class and then does relevant examples. Lectures are really valuable. Tests are on what you learned in class, but he is terrible with partial credit, you'll probably get a worse grade than you expected. Homework is often out of the book, and the book isn't bad.
Sergey was excellent. He was always very helpful and explained things well in his teaching. Always willing to answer any question. Exams are very reasonable, and lets you know what he expects beforehand. He did a lot of examples, which helped a lot with the homework problems. Made calc 3 relatively easy, and interesting. Would highly reccomend!
I'd rate the easiness of the class a 2.5/5 actually. I thought his lectures were pretty clear and prepared me well for the homework, and if you thoroughly reviewed the HW it adequately prepared you for the tests. Attending class was definitely necessary and helped me get the grade I did.
Wonderful prof, the best I have had at UMO. Has had a terrible accident 12/08 and really needs some assistance. The department has set up a fund. Help him if he helped you.
He was the best professor I've ever had. A wonderful man!
Very intriguing class with a great professor. Serge is the man in the math department and a must take for any math major.
I have had a lot of math teachers, and Mr. Lvin is one of the best teachers I have ever had. I enjoy math with him.
Serge is honestly the best professor I've ever had in my whole life. He is polite, funny, interesting and more importantly KNOWLEDGEABLE!! I graduated a few years back, but I still love this guy :)
Amazing professor. Best professor I've ever had.
Wonderful! Coolest accent ever; I could listen to him all day. His analogies are hilarious and he does a lot of unintentionally funny things. I'm a violinist giving up orchestra next semester to take calc 2 with him.
Lvin is absolutely hands down the best professor I have ever had. He explains difficult concepts in simple terms, is always open to students' questions and opinions, and genuinely wants his students to understand the material and do well in his class. I wish I could have him for ALL my classes!
Great instructor!
Excellent teacher. Explains concepts clearly, uses many understandable examples. Very willing to answer questions, consider students' ideas, and explain material further if necessary. Homework is relevant and appropriate. Laid back, approachable.
If everyone in Russia is like this guy, im moving there.
An excellent teacher.
teaches well and lets you know exectky what to expect on the tests
awesome teacher
Best teacher I've had. Very clear. Assignments are very appropriate. I really learned the material.
Excellent instructor. Uses good examples, explains concepts clearly, light homework load.
Excellent.
Great Professor. Very knowledgable and presents very logical well developed examples in his lectures. The homework was very helpful.
What an absolutely wonderful professor! Everything is straightforward and he makes this material really easy to learn. I loved this class!
Excellent teacher. Very clear and methodical. Do the hw and you will do well in any of his classes.
Awesome
Several Math Classes, VERY Clear, if you can do homework will Ace tests.
Awesome Professor! Great at explaining and giving clear examples-Cute accent :)
Very structured progression. Lays out exactly what is wanted and needed
Very clear, well structured course.
Great professor. Really nice, and speaks decent English.
Just a really good guy who cares about the young people he is teaching
This class was easy, but there were a few issues. If you wanted to contact him, good luck. Essay exams didnt even seem like they were actually graded/read. I got all As on everything I turned in and that was shocking. The lectures were boring as he was just rambling off about history. It was an easy A for sure. Hes a nice guy.
I love this guy! So witty, charming and dedicated to his students... I hate history but I somehow passed because I found his lectures fascinating..,
Very smart and helpful teacher. He is hilarious as well and its an easy A if you aren't an idiot.
Dr. Malmude is a brilliant guy. He grew up in NYC and boy, he is tough and cool and smart. Whenever i needed extra help, I went to his office and he always answered my questions. He is super smart and super creative. Everything in his lectures are straight out of his head...and his crazy corny jokes are awesomely funny. Sign up just for the JOKES!!
I failed it with Sister De Le Salle and passed it with a B+ and B with Malamude!
Borng, but extremely intelligent and the class is pretty easy.
Great and brilliant man. Jokes are lame but great because they are. Really good prof.
One of the nicest, most helpful teachers I have had so far.
Nancy is an empathic instructor who has a lot to offer her students, due to her life experiences. She is very approachable and has a great sense of humor.
So genuine and kind hearted! He really wants his students to succeed and helps in any way possible!
genuine, amazing man
I loved taking his class. He reminded me why I decided to do Social Work. As a UMaine SWK major, 100% take 380 with Stephen. It's fun, informative and he's really helpful
one half of the best damn married professors at umaine
He is hands down one of my favorite professors, made class as interesting as possible and did a lot of group work, every class was worth attending. I would recommend him!
This professor made science fun for me. With more application of the biology than learning facts and figures, we really got to find out how we could use this information. He was kind and understanding. While he didn't take credit for missed course time, lectures were definitely worth attending.
He is an amazing professor. He is kind and understanding. He really makes the material interesting-- placing less stress on the science but more on the applications of the material. Take Bio (SWK 380) with him if you can :)
!
Great Professor!!
This is the best professor I have ever had!!! He is an amazing teacher and an amazing person.
great professor who really cares about the progress and futures of his students
very nice guy, made the class pretty enjoyable. Got students involved with lectures and labs a lot. Easy to talk to.
Good guy and teaches you the content interactively, while making it easy to digest.
Good guy
Amazing professor, I was having trouble in another one of my Engineering classes dru sat down with me and explained the material and even checked with with me the week after t make sure I was still good in the class. TRULY ONE OF THE BEST PROFESSORS IVE HAD
Out of the three blocks of EGR120, Dru's class was my favorite. He is extremely helpful with anything you ask, and if you pay attention, the quizzes are easy. He throws a few hard things on the test, but overall it was a great course and was one of my favorites my first semester. Dru is very interactive and friendly, and I highly recommend.
Dru is a great professor, and is very well liked in the engineering building. His lectures are helpful without being boring, and he is always willing to help students. I would definitely recommend taking a class with him if you can, he does a great job.
Great professor
Dr Wilson is the best teacher I've ever had. The material is hard no doubt because well......its engineering. But he makes it SO EASY because hes such a great teacher.
dude is the best teacher i have ever had. i wish he would teach me all of my classes. such a cool guy. helps you when u need it. all around great teacher
Wilson is my favorite professor at Central Michigan. He is very passionate about what he teaches, he likes to joke around too. the information is laid out very easy to understand. As an MET without his help i wouldn't know what i was doing with my degree. #swag
Get on his good side and he'll be the best professor you've ever had. Come to class early, brown nose, and turn in your assignments and he'll bend over backwards for you. Come in later, text, miss assignment, he'll never let you live it down.
Dr. wilson is awesome! Had so much fun in his class and he makes everything more fun while still doing a good job teaching the material. One of the best professors ive had yet. Looking forward to taking more of his classes.
Great teacher! Extremely helpful, just make sure you GO TO CLASS it counts in your final grade, ALOT! Also, if you need any help be sure to go to him, he will do anything to help you. I just wish I could take more classes with him.
great teacher for plastics and electronics. keeps you intrested and plenty of labs in class to keep it intresting
Dru is the best professor at cmu. i have taken 5 classes with him and gotten a's in all of them. he makes class fun but you learn as well.
Dru is a very good teacher and he is very funny. It was a good experience and I got to make stuff.
Dru cares alot about his students. You will remember everything from this class. Good job Dru!
Great professor.
Take composites if you get the time, excellent professor and you'll learn tons. And you can make something.
Awesome guy, learned a ton of stuff i didn't know about plastics and got to keep alot of useless things i made in lab!!!! Make sure to show up for every class.
awesome teacher. really cares about the students. my favorite teacher at CMU so far!
He is a nice guy. he enjoys teaching. helps alot and likes q's. he gives good demo's. just watch for the jokes and try to laugh at them. and get the book it helps. his tests are a exact copy of the study guides. he is real tricky on quizs bring pillow.
Test were challenging, but he makes sure you're prepared for them.
Dru is the best teacher I have had at Central so far. You can tell he really likes his job in how he teaches. Very motivated and motivating. I loved his plastics class and have learned quite a bit in his electronics course. Thanks DR. DRU
Dr. Dru is the BEST! Nobody can top his teaching. IET 291 is very helpful in learning electronics. If you show up and try, you will pass the class.
take good notes, follow directions on assignments, labs are easy, know good details for test.
great stories, real nice guy
Excellent
he taught me tennis very well same goes to math but yeah whatever ain't gonna need it
VERY GOOD TEACHER. an easy class too
If you put some time and effort in to the material, his class will be very enjoyable. Tests and quizes are easy. You just need to keep up with his lesson plan, and participate.
Very nice guy. Easy class. If you do the homework and study guides you'll be fine. Final was so easy.
He's a good teacher. He is always trying to help us or see if we need help. If you fail, it's your own fault. I would totally recommend his class!
he doesn't really offer much help, but he is a good professor
His lectures were great! I enjoyed the class thoroughly and he was amusing. All of the assignments are pretty straightforward. As long as you pay attention to his lectures, the assignments and readings are easy. The class helped me to connect government and politics to real-world issues and I recommend it to anyone.
Loved his lectures. Took him when I was in high school!
Extremely patient, and gives clear instructions on work. The lectures include documentaries that we can watch. The midterm essay was fun, and not difficult at all! He offered extra credit in November if you offered canned good donations to a charity.
The GOAT! This was my favorite class in all two years I spent before I went on to transfer to another university! The work was so fair, I could not even bother writing the midterm essay! The tests were multiple choice, but he did have us be in groups, and he highlighted the answers for us! His jokes were hilarious! Just study essay questions!
This class was the best of my semester. The instructions were clear, we were encouraged to work in groups, and the lectures were interesting and captivating.
Just ask for help on the essay questions. He lets you people do study groups in class. Best poli sci class to take! Amazing professor.
He's passionate about his work, informes you well on political spectrum but is not one of those who instigates on changing your mind. He actually opens your mind.
He is one of the greatest professors at SWC. He is a strict grader on essays, but you can get an easy A if you read the materials and watch videos in modules. There are two group projects, and these are really helpful for exams. I'd like to take his class again!
He is a great teacher and he's funny so he keeps class interesting. I thought political science 101 was very similar to political science 102. The class was not hard.
Professor Saenz is a tough instructor but as long as you do the work and study, you'll be fine. He does assign a LOT of reading (but gives a good amount of time to finish) so I would recommend taking this class if your other classes have light workloads.
Professor was very informative and is very passionate about politics. As a Public Administration major I enjoyed his lectures and his assignments that help you understand government and politics better. If I could take his course again I would. There is also extra credit given.
Great teacher! very caring when it comes to the subject. Had him during the Kavanaugh hearings, we had tons of in class discussion over the current political climate. You can tell he cares about the subject, his material was always great. Could say enough great things about the guy. Study, do the work and ace the test you'll do fine.
I took Saenz for the online spring intercession. From the first day, he had all the assignments & tests listed, so there were never any surprises as far as due dates. He emailed us every day to remind us about chapters & assignments as well as news he thought was relevant. Do the work and you'll pass! He will also answer any questions you have.
I'm not a big fan of political science but prof. Saenz's class was the best course I have attended during this semester. Like most professors that I have encountered during my two years at SWC, he showed the best qualities that any truly passionate teacher has - Being inspirational, charismatic, and knowledgeable. Definitely recommend!
Ive taken two of Phils classes, and he is one of my absolute favorite teachers on campus. I always want to show up to his class. Hes funny, easygoing and extremely organized! Ive learned a ton from his class and hope everybody gets a chance to take him. Lots of group work and participation makes it really engaging.
Professor Saenz is an excellent professor. He explains everything well and in depth. Class discussions are interesting and always helpful. He is a funny guy so the lectures are fun. He also teaches PS102 and I'd say the same about both courses. He is also great at responding to emails in a timely manner.
If you do the work and pay attention in class, it's an easy A. Would take his courses again!
Saenz really knows what he is talking about, and grants him an applauding ovation for his informative teaching methods. I recommend going to lecture as well as watching his lectures that he provides via canvas. The exams are incredibly easy as long as you watch these videos and take notes. He also provides numerous attempts to achieve extra credit.
If you're looking to fulfill another transfer requirement, get an easy A, and boost your GPA, this is a great class for you. Although this was just a gen ed for me, I still left the class having learned things about politics, the politics of where I live, and the structure of government. So long as you complete & try on everything, you'll get an A.
Professor Saenz is a cool, funny type of guy. His class is pretty good just show up and do the work. Instead of buying a book, he tries to save students money by making his class material printable off of canvas. He also have videos for his materials. Had difficulties understanding some of his instructions but I always reached out for clarification
Super chill guy, totally recommend. He gives you the material that is going to be on the test so all you have to do is study it. There are a few homeworks but they are really not that hard. The essay does require effort and research but that's what college is about, and his standards aren't even that high. Easy A if you put in the work.
Saenz is my favorite! The syllabus is clear, a few exams (open notes), oral presentation and report, research paper. Seems like a lot but goes by so fast and easy if you stay on it! Wish he taught 103-104!
Saenz is a chill professor. Really want you to participate in his discussions. there to help you out if you ask. easy homework. study for your test and you will pass. Defnitly taking him again
bessttttt teacheeerrrr
Professor Saenz is a dedicated professor, he comes very well prepared to class ready to teach us and help us comprehend what he lectures about. I really like the way he sets up the class and involves us throughout his whole lecture. I never get bored, he keeps me interested through the whole class. You don't see many professors like him anymore.
I love Professor Saenz. I learned so much in his class I wish I could take it again. He gives you everything you need to ace every test plus lots of extra credit. He's a funny guy & he actually lets everyone have their own opinions. He is one of the few professors left who you can express your views with & not worry about your grade!
I'm a poli sci major, and I took both his 101 and 102 classes. They were so darn awesome, I wish I could take him again. There's so much to discuss, with what's currently happening in our politics, whether it's in the US, or internationally. You'll learn so much about government, I know I learned even more than what I knew! Wish he taught 103/104!
Easy class all exams are true and false base. Before each exam he gives a quiz which have the same questions that the exam will. He even lets you use notes and partners. He offers so much extra credit that it can potentially raise you a full letter grade. Tends to ramble off topic a bit but its all world news. Super intresting and would take again
Saenz is a great teacher. His grading is explained so clearly, no one really doesn't have an excuse to do bad in his class. He has a couple of tests but he gives out guides for you to study. You also have one major essay and oral presentation, don't procrastinate on it! I did and it is exhausting. Overall great class, I'm taking him for 102!
I'm happy to be a POLISCI major! This man is legit! Clear grading criteria, provides the reading material and then some! Exams, DB's gives the option to drop the lowest exam and take final for double the points. PAY ATTENTION TO DEADLINES! I wish he taught PS 103 and 104! Will definitely keep in contact for POLISCI success at SWC. Awesome person!
TAKE THIS CLASS! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
Class is very active with participation and lectures. Debates can occur in the class intertwined with the lecture of the day. Test, quizzes and homework are guided by the class lectures so make sure to pay attention. One research report in the class given notice ahead of time. If pass all the test and don't do report, will pass with B. Fall 2016
Every lecture he gives and the stuff he tells you to read read will be on a test, pretty straight forward. He made some test/quizzes more of a "group" project so their was no reason to fail them. He provides you with many sources and websites that will help you understand the class more. At times he had the whole class laughing. Totally recommend!
I loved Professor Saenz! His class isn't hard if you actually do the work and he's very great about getting back to you if you have a question about anything
Professor Saenz Is a good professor. He gives you all the resources for all of his work. He is very informative, He gives extra credit, he is funny, and you will learn a lot about what is going on in the world.
Great teacher, the best social science professor I've had. He has a great sense of humor and makes usually confusing stuff simple, for which I am grateful because P.S. is actually indispensable. He's strict on papers but fair; appreciates effort and participation. You'll do fine as long as you're responsible (he disapproves of procrastination) ;).
I'm new to politics, but joining in conversations from this class was really edifying. He provides insight on your current stances, and tries to be unbiased about it so you can think for yourself. He's a great person to take if you're not even interested in politics, and he's passionate about his job. Keep up with his Ppt slides and you'll pass.
Amazing teacher! He is so far the best teacher I have had in SWC. The teacher is hilarious and makes his class fun. Totally recommend anyone to take his class! :)
By far one of my favorite Professors so far! His class isn't a walk in the park but he makes it interesting and he is so funny! Very clear instructions on all assignments. Take good notes because he allows notes for most tests and offers extra credit :)
My favorite professor at SWC! This guy is a genius and such a great person. He truly cares about his students and wants each and every one of them to succeed! He makes the class extremely fun and is very clear on the whats going to be on your test or assignments. Overall the class was extremely easy for me because he made easy! Greatest Professor!!
Take his in class rather than his online. unless you are an excellent student who understands anything about politics or doesn't mind reading through his notes without having him lecture you through it. i got a B but i knew if i took his actual class i would of received an A. always meet your deadlines and read his directions. TWICE!!!
Great Professor. Very fair. I wish he taught other subjects because he has been on of my favorite professors at SWC. His tests are fair and he is so helpful. I also had the biggest crush on him all semester.
Hilarious teacher, he makes the class very interesting. He writes the notes for you, bring them to class and it will be an easy A.
Mr. Saenz is seriously the best teacher I've had and is by far one of my favorite teachers. He keeps the students entertained and I honestly looked forward to his class each week. I took both his 101 & 102 class because the class experience was unforgettable. I really wish he taught all my subjects because he really is a great professor. TAKE HIM!
BEST PROFESSOR EVER ! I loved going to his class everyday, he really cares about his students and provides you with everything to get an A :)
Great teacher he explains everything really well and his class is more of a discussion where everyone can participate. He also gives out study guides for his written exams explaining everything that is required to pass his exams. Also offers up a ton of extra credit! Highly recommended
Take him you won't regret it. No textbook, he gives you all the reading materials online. Great sense of humor, too.
He was great to learn how the government and the political science is important for the elections coming up this year. It is explain in plain language so you can understand it without scratching your head what is he saying. Everything was online meaning NO TEXTBOOK.
Amazing teacher! Learned tons from him, he is very helpful and gives specific notes and study guides for tests. Makes topics relevant and instructor notes vs a textbook since he understands they are overpriced for us poor students. Hes a great persona too, wrote me a letter of recc that earned me a scholarship. TAKE HIS CLASS!! he's great :D
Perhaps the most admirable thing about Saenz is he teaches govt without pushing his own agenda on us. TAKE THIS CLASS,avoid the other political sciences, this is how it should be learned.
HE KNOWS HIS STUFF. FUNNY TEACHER. GETS STUDENTS INVOLVED. KEEPS LECTURES INTERESTING. NO TEXTBOOK. TAKES ATTENDANCE. GREAT TEACHER ID DEFINATELY TAKE HIM AGAIN.
His jokes are usually lame, but he is a nice guy. He provides all the reading material and even hands out study guides for the quizzes (which are EXACTLY the same as what is on the quiz). Some open book exams, a little bit of homework, and offers some extra credit. Makes learning about government easy!
OH i'm gonna miss HIM!! He is extremely helpful, funny, handsome.... I could go on and on... Got an A. -M
Good professor and is good at explaining the subject.
BEST TEACHER EVER!! Seriously Phil is so great. I had little interest in politics before this class but it opened my mind so much. I learned an incredible amount of info. The quizzes are open material but you don't even need to look at your notes that much because Phil is such a good teacher you remember most of the stuff anyway. Loved this class.
Comment on 4/29/10: ME TOO hahahahahahahaha
I love his class! he is such a nice person with such a great sense of humor, oh and he is very handsome I must add. Open material quizzes and same questions are on the test... he makes you learn the material! super easy A.
Great teacher. No book, he puts the materials on Blackboard. Explains everything you need to know. Exams are very reasonable. One paper on immigration.
Great teacher....easy to follow.
He's a funny professor and knows his stuff about politics. His class is an easy A and the quizzes are similar to the exams. Make sure you spell check your PowerPoint presentations because he'll put you on the spot. I say take his class because it's interesting and the girls find him attractive.
if you want an easy A take him. You dont use a textbook, he puts everything up on blackboard. He is really helpful and educated in his field.
Amazing teacher, funny, nice, friendly, and cute :)no book necessary, you will have to print handouts from blackboard! Test are easy, he pretty much gives you the answer on all of them! He is there to help out 100%. I highly recommend this teacher!
this guy rocks! take this class for sure! way to go, phil
Professor Saenz is awesome. Politics can be verry boring, but Prof. Saenz makes the class verry intresting and halarious. Take this class AND FOLLOW THE DEADLINES!! and you will be happy with the outcome. TAKE HIM YOU WONT REGRET IT!
Phil is the master of Political Science. I wish I could have taken this class every semester. Best college class I've ever taken.
NO BOOKS NEEDED!! which will save you a little money. easy A but you will learn a lot..really funny and HOT!!!just make sure you study,he gives you the material for the exams really early,which gives you a lot of time.there werent really any homeworks. i really recomend him,hes a really great pofessor.
Saenz = Incredibly fair & just. Straight forward. Course is wonderfully orchestrated. Where you stand in his class as far as grades go is never a mystery. Keeps grades up to date. You'll learn a lot from him. He's a great teacher and a good guy. His jokes are funny as well as his slideshows. Random fact: He's got a keen sense of observation. :)
Great teacher, funny jokes (sometimes they're lame but he's ok with you giving him a hard time about his lame ones) He livens up a potentially boring class. Straight forward on what will be graded so studying is SUPER EASY. Recomend taking Seanz to anyone who wants an easy A while still learning the subject.
I had him for PS 101 and PS 102. He takes the time to post on blackboard everything you need to know.
very easy class. or as he call it very fair class. he gives you exactly what's on your written exam so all you have to do is memorize them. the quiz is the only thing you have to study which consist of 50 questions. the scantron exam is like the quiz question just worded differently. he gives you a copy of the quiz and all u have to do is read
I have loads to say, but RMP limits it! He has his +/-, but overall his class was super easy. He keeps the class alive with his sarcastic humor (I found his humor to be funny though >;P) but sometimes he can go overboard. There's no textbook, just online material, LOTS of printing. Poor trees. >;P Interesting class, have fun!
Mr. Saenz is a great teacher. He is open to everyone's opinion, keeps the class lively, and wants you to do well. I highly recommend his class. He has funny jokes and he's a hottie!
I had him for 101 and 102. Easiest classes you will EVER take, he GIVES YOU THE ANSWERS to the quizes, exams, and final! His jokes are funny, most of the time, and even though he is more liberal than me, I felt that I was pretty much getting an unbiased lecture, unless he says, "This is my opinion." Good classes, good teacher.
This is a class you will never mind going to. There is a lot of open discussion and Professor Saenz keeps the jokes coming... even if they're bad ones :) You'll learn a lot and have fun at the same time. The class is pretty easy so there is very little stress.
Good teacher. Easy class. Very clear. You can easily get an A in this class. Hes cute too!!!
Very funny. his tests are really easy. Highly recommended. He's hot. He really knows the subject and makes it easy to understand.
hes very easy and funny.
He was a great teacher and funny. I remember he didn't like tardiness...but that wasn't a problem about him. He is very smart about the subject and treats his students well. Easy going and great teacher. And hot in his shades!!!! :)
Great teacher. He makes the class so interesting that you will learn. You will be given what will be on the exam, you just have to learn it. I highly recommend taking this class. You will learn, have fun, and get an A at the same time.
Excellent teacher, he is passionate about the subject and has a well structured class. An A is very earnable if you do the work. My favorite part of his class is that I feel I leaned something, which is not the case with many courses.
One of the hottest teachers around. Definitely worth taking the class. Easy A. Also very insightful...
Great teacher, cares about the subject and wants students to do well. He's pretty funny, and pretty easy on the eyes :) Very easy class, I highly recommend him.
This teacher is so easy. His material was found online and printed out(summer course)...no book required!! He was interesting. The test were multiple choice and essay. But, he practacially gave all the answers. Cool, very nice, and easy "A+"
Easy teacher, but very arrogant and disorganized. Okay looking but cockiness is a turnoff.
He is pretty tight, his class is very straight forward gives you the answers to bout 80% of the test so that u can read and its easy. I actually learned something in his class b/c he makes so straight foward. definetly need to take very chill, and u will learn something, and he can come up with some good jokes.
class is easy and is very fun!! tells weird jokes and has the shinest head ever... challenge him to a game of basetball and ask him to tell some pope jokes
VERY, VERY, VERY, VERY, VERY, VERY, EASY!!!!
GIRLS: Gotta take him! super hot;) BOYS: Easy A
Class is by far one of the best SWC has to offer. He is a really good teacher who you can tell is equally as passionate for the subject as well as for teaching. Also, he is extremely sexy!
He is awesome. His class discussions are interesting. His tests are easy if you study. And he has a very realistic view and interpretation of current political events.
He is hot. And also you can get an easy A with him. If you need or have to take ps class he is the best
Hes a good professor, but he leans to the left. He covers all the bases and an easy A if you do the work. If your a Michael Moore lover, liberal democrat,cant think with your own brain student,then you'll enjoy the class. Lots of you at SWC.
He is so dreamy. I could just stare at him all day. And oh my god so buffed. To have such a great body he must really work at it. I highly recommend his class just for the eye candy.
I think he is a very nice teacher and very knowledgeable. So far Mr. Saenz was the best teacher I've ever had at SWC. The tests were not too bad if you're good in memorization. Easy A if you study. I would definitely recommend taking his class.
Professor Saenz is one of the coolest professors I ever had. I took this class at Mesa and failed it, so I figured this was going to be another F but the class was cool. Easy A all you have to do is show up to class and do all the assignments, which are hella easy. The test are based on the hando
Saenz was really cool, i just found the class to be "blah" i learned a few things which was good, but it just didn't "grab" my attention. exams are easy though - do all the study guides - easy A.
Ok, why does everyone think he is so hot? He is a cool teacher. Easy A
He is the best professor! Friendly, passionate about what he teaches, makes everything to clear to understand and VERY VERY attractive. You will NOT regret taking this class.
He is a great teacher. Makes his class really interesting and fun at the same time. I am a girl, so I'm going to have to agree with every other girl out there,he is damn "hot".
The best teacher at SWC. He made the class fun. Tests were from a handout he gave out before the test. Homework wasn't bad. The best thing about this class he is HOT!!!!!
WOW...Prof. Saenz is exteremly HOT!!...and he makes class fun, his test are easy(especially if ur good at memorizing). Too bad there aren't other teachers like him!!
This class is easy.
A great teacher, funny, informative..and sooo sexy!!!
he's sooooo HOT! and he knows his stuff. He's funny and pretty easy but you still learn.
Oh my gosh..........Sexy, Sexy, Sexy! Really easy!
He's funny, great, class goes by fast. He'll mention this site! Def. take him over anyone else teaching the same course! A few test, a little homework and 1 easy paper!
He is soooo HOt, he is easy, you will pass this class, not much hmwrk. offers plenty of xtra credit. Hes not married. hot hot body. JOin the Ps club if you want more of him. take him definetly, you won't need to stress about his class.
easy teacher who is very funny and informative. This guy cracks you up every class and practically gives u the answers to every test. Must take this teacher for pol sci.
I never took his class but I know him personally and he is a great man. He's cool and fun to talk to. He knows his stuff and is very involved with the community
Two words to dercribe him, SUPER EASY!
Great teacher! knows what he is talking about, interested in making you think, very interactive and VERY HOT... Easy A. You must take him.
he's patient and really cute and nice!
Mr. Saenz is one of my top 5 teachers of all time... Very knowledgeable about politics and current events. Also, easy class as long as you study the test. He literally gives you the answers, word for word, and you just have to memorize them. Great!!!
THE BEST OF THE BEST, EASY,EASY,EASY. I HAVE 2 MORE WEEKS LEFT AND I AM SO SAD, OFFERS SOOO MUCH EXTRA CREDIT, AND YOU PROBABLY WONT NEED IT! HIS PERSONALITY MAKES HIM SOOO HOT, AND HE HAS A NICE BODY TOO :) I LOVE THIS CLASS!!! VERY STRESS FREE, EASY A
Really easy, study ur handouts 4 the test. Really nice. Don't stress over this class!!!
I LOVE THIS TEACHER, HIS CLASS IS EASY AND HE IS REALLY INTERESTED IN GETTING YOU TO THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX... VERY VERY VERY VERY HOT....
Great guy..got me to read the newspaper (and still do!) He is easy, but won't just give you the grade. Opens your eyes to politics, to the world. Great teacher, haven't seen one that tops him yet. and...hot
I LOVE THIS TEACHER, HE IS VERY HOT
Wonderful Instructor. Really knows his stuff, not to mention he's pretty nice to look at...TOTALLY HOT!!!
I LOVE HIS CLASS HE IS A VERY GOOD TEACHER. HE HELPS UNDERSTAND ALL THE MATERIAL AND HE IS VERY COMPRHENSIVE
SUPER!
very cool class just tell him you like the chargers
Great teacher. Really cares about the material and makes it interesting for the whole class. Easy to get along with. Just do the assignments and study for the tests and it's an easy A.
Good teacher, may have got boring at times, but his jokes keep you going. So good that im taking him again.
he's cool. he's not opinionated, and you'll not hate his class after. interesting and will keep you awake. actually he's cute without his funny glasses.
easy A, kick back prof. & lectures, take during summer
interesting class conversations. A's for all. his terminator glasses are funny
EASY A no sweat
good instructor, cool guy, easy a
Tests very straight forward. He's got a lot of connections so get to know him
I was really going through a tough time last semester and she was super nice to me. I participated a lot but am not the best test taker. On the oral exam she was so kind to me after and It really made me feel good.
I really dreaded taking SPAN107 but Professor Haq made it bearable. She didn't put anybody on the spot, gave lots of opportunities for participation, and seemed to really care about individual success. There were a ton of group activities and a fair bit of homework, so try to stay on top of it. Even if you hate Spanish class, you'll still like her.
Prof. Haq is a very sweet woman who cares a lot about how you do in her class. It can be tough when you are not interested in Spanish, but she makes the class light and manageable. Just be prepared for lots of activities in class rather than lectures.
She is super nice and caring about everyone in her class and genuinely wants everyone to learn. I took her class when it was half online half in class and she made it so easy for everyone to complete the assignments and was straight forward about when everything is due. Although there is a lot of homework, it is relatively easy to complete.
Very sweet and wants her students to succeed. Took her class last semester and learned so much more than I've ever learned in my 5 years of taking spanish classes. Super helpful. Make sure you participate and show up to class.
She is one of the best teachers I have ever had. I'm a Spanish minor now and she made me want to pursue that. The class is easier if you have good classmates. The tests aren't bad, just study, the compositions are graded more difficult. Make sure to do the online homework because it's so easy to forget to do it. Make an effort! She is amazing.
I love Profesora Haq! Such a sweet lady and she always tries her best to make sure everyone participates. The tests are really weird though because you lose lots of points for the smallest things but other than that it was an easy class. Remember to do the online homework!
Seora Haq is very understanding and nice. She will help you when you have questions and is always available to offer help in her office hours. Definitely one of the best spanish professors here. I highly recommend.
Fatima Haq is a real gem. I'm going to make sure she is the professor for as many future Spanish classes as possible from udsis
Super sweet and clearly cares about your grade. Very understanding and wants you to do well. Only problems with the class are that attendance matters and there's usually daily hw neither of which she chooses to do but is policy. Great professor!
She's super nice and cares a lot about your grade. Tests are straight-forward and are on exactly what we learn in class. Participation matters a lot. The only bad part is that she takes forever to grade your work and there's a ton of online hw.
You have to take her. One of the top 3 best professors i've ever had.
SPAN 200 was the first Spanish class I took here and Professor Haq was amazing! She is very fair and an all around nice person who really cares about her students. Although there can be a decent amount of online homework sometimes, she gives enough time to complete it and is always available for help.
One of the best professors I've had at UD. Truly cares about your success and loves what she teaches.
Haq was the best Spanish teacher I had at UD. In general, SPAN107 is pretty difficult so you're not going to find a really easy teacher for it. I would definitely take Haq because she's very understanding and helpful. You have to participate but as long as you do frequently, she won't ever call on you randomly. Also, attendance is MANDATORY.
Fatima is absolutely phenomenal. She is very knowledgable about the Spanish language and makes sure you understand the material. She is super nice and respects all her students and clearly wants to see them succeed. Definitely take her for Spanish107 if at all possible.
Prof. Haq is a very nice lady. She wants you to understand the material and her lectures are very clear. I was nervous about taking spanish in college but she made it really easy and it was a relief. The exams are not difficult if you know the material. She's not there to trick you, she wants you to succeed. Really like her and would take her again
one of the nicest professors at UD!! overall great spanish department, but she really sticks out. If you have any questions she's always willing to help you! really easy class especially for beginners. I could tell she truly cares about her students.
She is such a sweet professor and really wants to help you get a good grade. If you're having problems in her class definitely go to her office hours because she will go out of her way to make sure you're prepared for tests and assignments. If you have to take spanish make sure you take her class. loved her!
Super sweet and helpful! My favorite spanish professor here. Definitely recommend any class with her!
She is one of my favorite professors to date. Her patience and clarity truly made a university requirement language class bearable. Go out of your way to take her. You will most likely get the A and actually learn a little Spanish along the way.
Liked her. Was very nice and fair to the class.
4 exams, 1 oral exam, two compositions, and a pronunciation project. I loved her, she is so nice and actually wants all of her students to succeed. Her course moves pretty fast. At one point in the semester there was a test every two weeks, but they weren't that hard. I totally recommend her she is by far one of the more reasonable teachers.
She is the sweetest lady and always tries to make sure students understand material. You're always prepared for exams with practice activities and she speaks Spanish half the time. She's always willing to help you. Go in for office hours or talk to her after class! Participate in class because she loves to see that and it helps your grade.
I took the class as a free elective and received an A for the semester. Fatima is a wonderful professor who genuinely cares about her students. The class is a joke if you've taken four years of high school Spanish. I loved taking the class with her so much that I signed up for her SPAN200 course! If you have to take SPAN107, take Fatima!
Awesome teacher. Very helpful and tries her best to make sure you understand. Spoke Spanish most of the time. Makes herself available for help and is genuinely nice. One of the best professors I've had.
Fatima is fabulous! She wants us all to do well, and she is just a great person and I wish she taught higher levels of Spanish! She speaks Spanish about half of the time, but she's always trying to improve your skills without making you feel inferior if you don't have them. And she dresses super well.
She's amazing! Haq wants you to pass and basically does everything she can to help you. Tests are easy, attendance is mandatory, but you're allowed to miss a week. The material is easy. Definitely definitely take 107 with her! I'm in 200 with her again, and she's still amazing, but grades a little bit harder.
Haq was great!!! She always made herself available to meet with her students, even if it was outside of her.office hours. Also, you can tell she really enjoys what she does and takes pride in her students. I definitely would suggest for anyone to take her,
She is my favorite teacher here! she is a genuinely nice person and cares about her students. She is good at connecting with her students and explaining things in ways that you can relate to and understand. Makes spanish fun. Very structured class, which makes it hard to fall behind. DEFINITELY take this with her!
LOVE LOVE LOVE HERRR! take her you will be VERY glad that you did. SO helpful and cares so much about her students.
Professor Haq is a great professor. She wants you to do well and is extremely helpful. Class is pretty easy as long as you study some and do all the work. If you come in already knowing some spanish, its a breeze.
Haq is awesome. She is very easy to understand, she is funny, and she wants you to do well. She is a semi-easy grader and always asks the students if they're okay with her moving a test or papers, etc. I highly recommend her.
VERY good; extremely helpful and wants her students to succeed. All books are necessary, she collects and checks the workbooks as part of your grade. Nice lady; I can't believe I'm saying this but she managed to make spanish enjoyable.
She is such an amazing professor. I've never been that great at spanish but she was so clear and actually made the class fun and interesting! Definitely take her for 107
Awesome teacher. I hate spanish and not good at it. She presents material really well and wants you to do good. Does whatever she can to help. Highly recommend.
Great teacher, excellent at presenting material, very helpful
Senora Haq was one of the best professors I've had at Delaware. She was very helpful with ALL aspects of her Spanish course and made it easy to participate with questions and exercises because she puts you at ease. I took this class over Winter which can be very busy, but Senora Haq got everything in with no loose ends... Definitely take her!
LOVE HER! awesome spanish teacher... makes class fun and its easy to understand the material... always willing to help... SO nice, never makes you feel stupid for asking questions. helpful and easy tests- tells you whats on it!!! TAKE HER- you wont regret it
fatima is a great professor. i highly recommend her. she's extremely helpful and she's always willing to clarify the material
she is a hard grader, but she is very nice and clear. she is always willing to take the extra time to help a student understand something that is unclear. even tho she is a hard grader, it is not impossible to get an A or A- in this course if you take it with her. just do the work, and do it well.
Very good, pleasant and helpful. DOnt be scared to take her class if you havent had a good Spanish teacher but u need that class she is very willing to help and very encouraging
nice professor. teaches well. grades hard.
Honestly, even though everyone else in the class seems like they've never spoken or heard Spanish, to the point where I want to flip out on them for being so idiotic, she treats them like they are doing amazingly. No matter how stupid of a mistake you make, she somehow makes you feel like the effort was enough, and teaches you how to do it right the next time. I couldn't have asked for a more amazing professor. I wish I could have Fatima every day, rather than having the TA twice week. TAs suck.
ABSOLUTLY LOVED HER....ONE OF THE BEST TEACHERS AT UD....I AM NOW A SPANISH MINOR JUST BECAUSE OF FATIMA...SHE IS THE BEST! DEF TAKE HER IF U HAVE THE CHANCE!
Definitely try your hardest to get Prof Haq. Best prof I've had so far. Excellent teacher, knows the subject, SO nice, cares about her students and their grades... will do anything to help you out. Makes sure the class is having some fun while learning. Definitely a great experience with her.
she is the nicest teacher ever. She will do anything to help you do better in the class. Love her!
makes class easy; highly recommended
Couldnt be any better!! Loved her so much!! Tests were straight forward and class was entertaining. You will get a good grade. Plus, she is gorgeous!!! Attendence is mandatory, but you'll love going.
she is the nicest woman ever. great teacher. very helpful, and she is cute as a button. i love her. fatima if you're reading this, will you marry me? seriously though, take her class bizatches!!!!
Absolutely wonderful. Nicest lady..wants you to understand. Just do the work.
best language teacher...really wants you to understand the material...take her class and you won't dread language class anymore
She is wonderful!!! Extremely nice and tries to help you as much as possible. If you do the work and study it is an easy A.
Great teacher and person. Wants to help you learn, not worry about giving grades.
she is great no complaints, eye candy too
SHE IS AWESOME! I hated taking spanish at UD until I took her in the winter.
Excelente! Muy bien!
this class is an easy A, nicest professor I've had
The best spanish teacher ever
SHE'S THE GREATEST!!! She actually got me to understand spanish. Best teacher!!
I enrolled in span107 during winter just because I heard she was teaching it
don't take spanish unless you take her...one of the best teachers at UD
she's more of a friend than a teacher which makes me want to go to class
the best teacher i've ever had, goes out of her way to help, funny and nice
Great Teacher, very friendly and helpful
I loved Richard Blanke and consider him one of the best professors I have worked with. I took several classes with him and the only time I did poorly was a semester when I had him after lunch and skipped a bunch of classes. I worked on my senior thesis with him on totalitarianism and would recommend him to anyone who cares about European history.
Dr. Blanke is tough on knowledge but is very fair. Great Dry Humor and Entertaining lectures. Blanke has no favorites. His class objectives are spelled out at the start of the semester and he does a great job dictating them. If you love Modern European History he is your guy. He grades fairly and you need to earn your A with him. Worth the Risk!!
Excellent professor. By far my favorite at UMaine. Interesting lecturer who is very knowledgable on the subject matter, and kind of amusing to watch during lecture too, in a good way. Tests were pretty good and essays graded very fairly. Take this man's classes if you can!
Excellent professor. Knows a lot about the subject and gives an interesting lecture. He does say "um" a LOT, but you can usually get past that pretty easily. Take classes with him if you can.
smart guy, funny
weath of knoledge, brings new insight to the same old topic
This guy is one of the best things about the History Dept.
One of UMaine's best... witty, intelligent and conservative
Great teacher. Very helpful.
Prof Grab is one of my all time favorite professors. He has a great sense of humor which makes classes enjoyable. He expects a lot from his students but if you work hard it pays off. Exams are straightforward, he gives you a study guide with material that could appear on the exam. Great professor & I would happily take another of his classes.
I adore this man! He's a great guy and an amazing teacher. He's really funny but laugh hard at his jokes because it makes him sad if he doesn't get much of a reaction. Keep in mind, he's an extremely tough grader, you'll work your ass off for him and still wont do as well as you had expected. But he's wicked hansome with a sexy voice so its worth i
Great professor. Always willing to listen to opinions of others, and will help you in anyway possible. If you have the chance to take a class with him, do it!!
Never have more students come to class on a constant basis, Prof. Grab really keeps people in their seats & makes them look forward to coming to class. The best history prof. I've had at UMaine - and I'm a senior! Don't take this class if you want to slack off though - he expects his students to work hard, and if you do you will get much out of it!
Grab is the best thing UMaine's History Dept has! His lectures are engaging and interesting, and his sense of humor keeps the classes alive! I've taken 2 courses with him now and highly recommend him. His tests can cover a lot of material, but he outlines it all long in advance, lets you know exactly what to study, and explains thoroughly. GO GRAB!
What are you clowns below me talking about when you say he is uninteresting, unconcerned, unhelpful,...? I have taken two classes with him and would take more if the need arose. He has been nothing but helpful in every way and can make history fun.
i think he's a marvelous professor. the material has to be lectured someway somehow to a hundred kids, so, yah, it's a tad dull, but thats the nature of history. he's very very nice though. can't put down a man who always wears sweater vests.
Great professor. Take any class offered by him. You learn a lot.
unbias with issues close to home... knowlegable, funny and helpful
great prof, very helpful
EXCELLENT PROFESSOR, he's FUNNY professor, I'd take any other class with him
Really patient with those who don't get the material. Great grading system. Offer to make class shorter if he's late. Very understanding, accommodating. One of the best professors I've had at this school!!
i think he's hot. he's funny too
Dr. Ferland is knowledgeable, fun, and leads an advanced class with great skill. He knows Canadian History, and tells a lot of very funny stories if you give him half a chance.
Intelligent, tolerant, and enthusiastic. He really gives you a broad understanding that will help you later. He is liberal but not the intolerant hateful type universities usually hire.
I enjoyed Prof. Ferland's class a great deal. He has a rigorous workload but it is worth it. He is an exellent lecturer, and very passionate about the subject material. He is an exellent Proffessor.
I really liked this professor and I enjoyed his class. He is very animated during his lectures and very accepting of other views during discussions
Awesome!!! Very interesting lectures. Great personality. Fun to listen to.
Couldn't disagree with him more, nut he is a ver ygood and effective teacher. Very accepting of dissenting views!
Great lectures! Worked hard but learned alot, respects other opinions.
Professor Cole is an excellent lecturer and a genuine scholar in the field of U.S. foreign policy. His class was captivating and engaging, although it involved little discussion opportunities. Somewhat difficult grader. Very quirky guy too - he often digresses on strange albeit amusing tangents during lectures that often evoke laughter from class.
Tim Cole is great. His classes are entertaining, you learn a ton, and he's very conversational. Always looked forward to his classes.
Professor Cole is wonderful. Funny, charming, and knowledgeable; it was a wonderful class.
Prof. Cole is the man. I have to address all these comments calling him condescending and arrogant---you people are out of your tree. i think you're alittle too senstive people. i never got that vibe. in fact, I'm using Prof Cole for my law school letter of recommendation. cole is top notch.
good professor. might be a little cocky, but he has a Phd and you don't.
Extremely clear, very knowledgable, and loves bullwinkle !!
Excellent Professor and Advisor
Tim Rocks in the style of Sammy Hagar
YAY Tim Cole (the USEFUL, Intelligent Tim Cole)
Sheila is such a sweet person! I have taken her classes for 2 semesters and I would take her again! She is passionate about yoga and teaching. You can tell that she is also very educate on the subject and genuinely cares about her students. I absolutely recommend her!
Sheila is such a sweet amazing person. She is really quirky and adorable. Classes are pretty easy, but if you miss class you can just go make it up at another one of her classes or just write her a one page paper on things you've learned in class. She is really knowledgeable about what she teaches and she is so so caring. I am taking her again.
Sheila is great and very quirky. She is serious about the subject, but likes to have fun in class. It's pretty easy, and you basically just have to attend and pay attention. She will work with you if you can't be there.
Chima is an amazing instructor! shes quirky but fun. we did core every class and I loved it. she is very good about giving easier poses she doesn't want u to hurt urself. you have to come to class every time or you can fail. gives midterm and final bt very easy .just about the class experience. hated the nasty mats and floor. buy your own mat
I absolutely love Sheila! I first met her when I was taking dance classes my Junior year in High School and she was beyond amazing! She is one of the best dance teachers I have ever had and I love her to death! She is so kind and helpful and always has a smile on her face!
i love it
Sheila is an amazing teacher. She cares about the progress you make in class aswell as well as your overall health and wellbeing. She is one of the sweetest people i've ever met. Take yoga with Sheila Chima! you'll find her really funny and fun to work with
This class was fun and challenging. By the end of it my abs were very firm and defined =] definitely good! She gives you the basics so you can practice at home.
She is very nice teacher. Take her class!
She's a cool lady. Very energetic and is an awesome dancer. Talks a LOT! This Aerobic Conditioning class included step aerobics, dance, yoga, weights, etc. That kept it from getting redundant and helps you learn what type of workout works best for you. If you have a lot of muscle, this class won't do much for you. It's more of a beginners' class.
Sheila is one of the best teachers ever...especially if you are a beginner. Her class is not intimidating in the least and she is very helpful in teaching the choreography...advanced dancers probably would only use her class as a warmup for the performance class right after but its still worth taking...I love her!
Awesome teacher! You should take her if you want to learn Jazz! ^_^
very wild, crazy, and patient with the begginers! Yet she still keeps it interesting for us advanced dancers!
Very energetic teacher!
I took Prof. Folkes' Fundamentals of Kinesiology. Since it was an intro class, she wasn't trying to fail anyone. She genuinely wanted us to get excited about possible career paths through kinesiology. You will have to show up and do the work, but you won't be overwhelmed. Perfect class if you have a full course load.
Amazing professor with so much knowledge. She really cares about her students and their success outside of the class. Extremely caring, funny, nice, king. Her lectures are never boring. She always welcomes questions and comments during class and is very accessible outside. Personal Training is a hard class! I would defiantly recommend her!
She is very understanding wit a positive personality. She is also very patient. Attend close though, if absent she will remove 10 points from your grade and it could decrease your grade drastically.
folkes is a good professor. I took her for intro to kinesio my first semester at vc. shes happy to answer your questions about kinesiology and is an easy grader. some quizzes but they are quite easy because in lecture she will tell you what is on the quiz.
Best Professor ever!! of course you are going to have work to do as long as you do it and show up easy A!
I took the hybrid class and it was very easy and interesting. But learn from my mistakes and don't wait until the last minute for the online assignments because I forgot about some of them and it affected my grade. But besides that Leslie is a great teacher and I definitely recommend!
By far the nicest professor I have ever had. She really holds a ton of knowledge about fitness .
She is a fantastic teacher! super friendly and does a great job of teaching exercise and knows a lot about it...her class can really make you sweat...def an easy A!!!
Excellent teacher! Lots of opportunities to make up if you miss class.
this class was so much fun, I really recommend it!! the teacher is really nice and makes sure you are doing all the kicks and stuff right so you really get a work out.
She is a really awesome instructor and that class is good for you, too. She prefers teaching this class rather than the kickboxing class, and I think that she does a better job teaching this class than she does the other one. Great instructor overall. Very lenient with attendance (3 with excuses, 3 without).
She is an awesome instructor! Very fit and the final is a takehome and you can find the answers to it on the handouts she gives out weekly. She helps you to become more in shape and motivates you in all ways. Awesome instructor.
Great attendance policy (you can make up classes), knows everything about the physical fitness field, and very nice. Class can be quite a workout -- worth it!
Very tough workout! Very invigorating!
Just a super nice guy. Class is super easy as long as you pay attention somewhat. Also quite interesting. Very father-like in personality. Geeky jokes and the like. If you need to fill a general ed and one of his classes are an option take it!
In the spring of 1986 when I was taking COBOL with Professor Gary Haggard (who later left that summer to go to Bucknell), Professor Ferguson helped me. He really did not need to. I was very grateful.
I was scared when i saw the ratings, but i thought he was awesome, explicit, helpful when approached.
The Human Compiler
Knew what he was talking about, and is willing to help whenever asked.
teaches computer science like it should be taught - very organized and logical
nise teach just needs more information from class
Best f.... prof. in town, very intelligent and I learned way too much in Bray's class. Definately take his class. He's a way cool dude and wicked smart.
Jane is an AMAZING professor! She is so caring and always there to help her students. Her class can seem a bit unorganized at times but she makes up for it with how helpful she is. She is clearly passionate about her work and I couldn't ask for a better mentor/professor.
This is the most useful education course you can take on this campus. Take it if you can! You complete a final project in the class completely tailored to what you want to know about.
Jane is a great professor. The ERL teachers are all awesome. The class gets you out into the field and does require some work of you. You'll leave the class with a new repertoire of "Jane" speak such as tangled, good go, and more. Great lecturer and she makes a four hour class go by quickly.
One of the best teachers I have ever had! Taught me so much!
Good go!
Outstanding! Excellent course!
One of the best professors I've ever had. His course is easy, homework counts as extra credit and the tests are all open notes. He always offers extra help and is very enthusiastic about what he teaches!
his lectures could be boring in some aspects, but he is so knowledgeable and passionate about this topic. hes amazing with accomodation. its all exam grades and he usually drops the lowest exam grade at the end of the semester. definitely would take again
Despite being all lecture, David makes the class fun and worth your time. Even the exams are fun, with funny answers being sprinkled in and the occasional "The right answer is D, just making sure you're paying attention." As long as you check the slides and take notes, this is an easy A.
Grade is based on a few tests. Tests are open notes/book so as long as you watch/attend the lectures & take good notes, it's easy to get an A in the class. If you put in a little extra work to really learn the material it will make SMS 108 and SMS 201 much easier because some of it will merely be a review for you as I'm experiencing this semester.
Very passionate Professor, been teaching this class for a long time. Provides an online link to his own textbook, contains all of the basic information needed to start a Marine Science career. Lectures were provided online as well as in class, attendance was not taken. Funny guy and will sometimes pop off into tangents. Really fun first year class.
He is a very nice guy. The class is only based off of four tests though
Professor Townsend is one of the best teachers that I have ever had. He is funny, caring, and respected by all of his students. He is very clear with his expectations; he is a heavy lecturer, but he makes class interesting with jokes and demonstrations. 10/10, would take again, amazing man.
Dr. Townsend deeply cares about the material and gets you to feel engaged even in a lecture of 300 students. He is funny and very intelligent. I usually dread lectures and test-heavy classes, but he will do everything to help you succeed. He's an awesome teacher!
Class is kinda boring, but very easy and Townsend is very good and knowledgeable about what he is talking about
Loved this class!
DR. Townsend is the best and even if you fail the exams just go and talk to him and he'll most likely let you pass. Truly and inspiring professor
Truly one of the greats at UMaine.U can tell he's passionate about the material and teaching. Lectures are dry, but if u really listen, they get, dare I say, fascinating. Sat down w/ him once to talk about the book and my major after making up an exam. Offered to let me turn in late extra credit assignment. Take a look at syllabus, its easy to pass
Amazing professor--very charismatic and funny at times, you can tell he really cares about the subject he is teaching and cares about the success of his students. The study guides and exams from the previous years will absolutely help you to do well on the exams (really the only thing you need to study from). Lectures can be a bit dry!
Very easy class but I learned a lot and had fun doing so. The lectures are interesting if you like the subject. You could probably do very well in the class if you never attended the lectures and read the book or if you attended all the lectures and never got the book. I would recommend going to the lectures as they are engaging.
I took this class as one of my electives and loved it. He says the textbook is required but I didn't read it once and did great. He gives lots of extra credit and scales the tests. The lectures are definitely necessary if you don't read and even if you do you should still go. Great guy. Also go to the test review sessions.
I'm not a science major, I took the class when I was undecided. He's very passionate about what he teaches as well. Class is optional, and so is all the homework. There is a book for the class (he wrote it) but I never used it past the first couple chapters. All his lecture notes are in the library that contain all the crucial information.
A genuinely nice guy. Gives a lot of extra credit and scales every test. If you look at last years exams which he posts you're almost guaranteed to do well on the test.
Townsend is a gem. He makes his long lectures fun to be in with his sense of humor. All homework is extra-credit, but also really easy if you pay attention. The book isn't necessarily used, but very good for studying.
Absolutely the best professor. His stories are worth listening to and help you relate to the material that he teaches, and he genuinely loves talking about what he teaches which makes it that much better!
Absolutely the best professor I have had so far at UMaine. His stories are worth listening to and help you relate to the material that he teaches, and he genuinely loves talking about what he teaches which makes it that much better!
A professor can not be any nicer. He did literally everything so that students could learn, do well in the exams, and pass. A great mentor. Endless respect for him.
Encourages students to learn. He brings out the inner nerd in all of us
Best teacher I've had at Umaine. He is very helpful to students and he is very knowledgable. He made me want to change my major to marine science.
Really wants students to succeed. Will do his best to help you.
Best Prof ever! He really wants everyone to do well and teaches in a clear concise way. He is extremely helpful and really knows his stuff.
Professor Townsend is amazing! SMS was a required class for me, but he made it fun and interesting :)
Townsend knows his stuff thoroughly and makes it fairly easy to get a good grade. Read the book, do the optional homeworks and go to class! It's okay to skip once in a while, but don't miss the homeworks. Attend review sessions, etc. and you should be fine. :D Good for a science credit if you need it.
Townshend is one of the best professors that I have had here at UMaine. Great sense of humor and makes the best out of lectures. Go to class, go to the exam review sessions, and go over the practice exams and you'll get an A.
I highly recommend this class. He is hilarious.
Very good lecturer with good amounts of humor put into a, well, boring subject. Rocks at the bottom of the ocean isn't the most exciting thing to listen to someone talk about for an hour, but he is still my favorite prof I've had at UM
He's a great professor who actually tries and cares about his students. He gives lots of extra credit and holds plenty of review sessions. The hardest part of the class is the first test, trust me.
Knows a great deal about Marine Science. Prepares a good lesson. Note taking easy with his overhead slides. Makes subject accessible and exciting. Intelligent man. I wish he offered more courses, and I wish I could take this class again. Grading is very fair, and you'll learn a lot about the ocean.
Good professor. Class material is kinda dry, but it is an easy way to fulfill pop/environment gen ed. Homeworks are optional and are for extra credit, lowest of 3 prelim grades dropped. Always holds evening review sessions for homework and exams.
He's a great teacher, funny and helpful. Not intended to be a hard class, but a lot of info, most stuff you already learned in high school. Easy A and easy science credit
Best teacher ever...that's all I have to say.
He actually made my roommate go to class (and thats saying a lot...) He is a wonderful teacher, I recommend the course to anybody who needs a science gen ed or just wants to learn about the ocean...
Excellent prof. He is extremely knowledgable and interested that you learn the information and be able to understand the simply workings of the world and its oceans
Very good, personable, caring, and fun. Tests aren't too hard...
Awsome teacher and Awsome class...homeworks r easy extra credit
great teacher-very intersting class
Townsend rules... what a sweetie!
He is passionate about what he teaches...makes EVERYTHING interesting.
I LOVE THIS CLASS! not to mention that he is a complete sweet heart!
Wants students to do well...very easy class. Worth taking to fufil Gen Ed.
great all around professor. he makes lectures more enjoyable than others.
Great teacher, wants students to do well
Easy to well in this class
By far the easiest way to fill two gen ed requirements with this guy
Good science class w/o a lab.
Very interesting class and he does a lot to make sure that his students do well.
amazing professor who really cares about his students, exams could be a little difficult at times. his lectures could be boring but is a very interesting and fun professor to listen to. he is also very accommodating
Dan will give you opportunities for extra credit and does his best to make lectures and exams enjoyable. Easy class if you're looking for a gen ed requirement that won't be too stressful. Watch the lectures and take notes and you will pass.
I absolutely loved Professor Sandweiss's class. He makes his lectures so fun and entertaining, and you can tell he is really passionate about the subject. He also shows a few short films that he's in, which I thought were entertaining as well.
Took his ANT101 online class. Gave a lot of extra credit and the course was very easy. Definitely have to use the textbook and watch the lecture videos to do good on the exams.
I really enjoyed Dr. Sandweiss' class. Interesting lectures, super helpful when you need it, you can do the course entirely online. Very easy, if you show up, make a handful of notecards, and do the HW, you'll do fine. You need the textbook for the assignments, but don't need to actually read it beyond that.
Easy and interesting class, he cares about students grades and wants everyone to succeed. He knows what college students are like and attendance isn't mandatory, if you do show up but don't want to listen he doesn't care just asks you to sit in the back. As long as you make or use a quizlet with the homework questions you'll pass the exams.
My favorite lecturer this semester. Most of the homeworks have an online quizlet but you should still read the reading if you want to do well on the tests. Great guy, lectures were not boring, and I learned a lot even though this class was my elective.
Great class! The material was presented in a clear and concise manner. Professor Sandweiss seemed to be really excited about his field. Some people complained because we had to buy and read his book and look at pictures from his digs, but I had no problem with him sharing first hand experience. A+
Awesome professor. Covered a lot of material, making the class time worthwhile, but still added some fun to the class. Very willing to help you out if you ask him. A+!
Great guy, slow grader. Tells some interesting stories and added some interest to an otherwise boring & cold semester before I transfered to a college back in civilization.
You can tell he makes his TA do a lot, and he reads off a powerpoint...but he has a sense of humor and seems like a down to earth guy who will help when it's needed. Tests arent that bad if you read and go to lecture
Very patient with the dumber students and good lectures, slow at returning papers though.
Great guy. Jack the Ripper subject very interesting, especially over the other ENG 101 sections. Helpful, friendly and fun. Very approachable and does a good job answering your questions. Explains concepts and expectations for papers very clearly. Got mostly B's and one A on my papers.
Love his stories about his college days and addiction to Mountain Dew!
People don't like him because he is hard, but I find him really helpful
Great professor, very interesting class. Easy grader. Every day, we come in, he lectures, we leave. One home midterm and one multiple-choice in-person final exam.
Professor Rangoussis is awesome! I highly recommend SPA 220 with him. I almost never opened my textbook, so you'd probably be fine if you take thorough notes during lectures. The final is based entirely on the learning objectives in the syllabus, so if you study them you'll be fine. Only downside is he has a strict no technology policy in class.
The class is only graded on three things. You don't really need the textbook just take notes. Pay attention to what the class tells you. He is honestly really helpful and not as scary as he seems. Very knowledge able what he's saying and breaks everything down into simpler terms for you.
Your grade is 1/3rd paper, 1/3rd project, 1/3rd final exam. Prof Rangoussis is an amazing lecturer and super interesting. However the final exam is pretty difficult and you're only going to do well if you REALLY study for it and know every case that he talks about in class. Make sure you take notes and show up to every class.
Amazing professor. Made a night block class actually exciting. Extremely helpful and has interesting stories from his work in Baltimore and serving in Iraq. Also not a difficult grader.
GREAT PROFESSOR! I loved his class! Even though it was a night class, he made it incredibly interesting. He has a great teaching style and is always open to questions. He's also pretty funny which makes class that much more enjoyable. :)
Rangoussis is the man. Very enthusiastic about constitutional law, and has lots of ridiculously cool stories from his professional background to supplement class lectures. Even though it was a black at night, he made it feel like a regular class, and I always looked forward to attending. Just one research paper, a group project and a final exam.
Awesome teacher. I had to take this class at 8:10-10:40 on Thursday nights and he actually made me excited to be there. He is so nice and helpful and I learned so much. He was a prosecutor in Baltimore and he has a lot of stories from the job.
He is an amazing professor who brings a ton of experience into the classroom. I highly recommend taking a class with him.
Great Professor. One of the best I have ever had at AU. 1 exam and 1 paper! Great class to take along with Ivers class(s).
Interesting topic, and outstanding professor who is able to tie class material to real life. I didn't bother buying the text but did rely heavily on past law classes and Ivers ConLaw Text. He is really slow on grading papers as well.
Best teacher I have had at American. Had him for Western Legal and for Const. Law, highly recommend him.
HOT HOT HOT and highly enjoyable in class
Great professor and a great individual! Yes, some people might have an issue with the independence that he gives to his student, but this is a great way to encourage creativity, and critical thinking! If you are looking for one of those unique professors that are out of the ordinary, and make classes special take Paul!
Paul Grosswiler is a very good person, he is reliable, nice, and helpful, however as a professor, he is kind of boring. He reformatted this class so it was easier for the students. He really cares what the students think/feel about the class. I would recommend him and this class... it was easy, but also very informative.
Yes, he is different from others, but you need to have guts to be different and he challenges his students to look outside the boundaries put by the society as well. That's why he wants to see who will have guts to burn US flag in public. The goal in this is to show the true limits of so called "freedom of speech" and acts, that's all. He is the be
This class was the most boring class ever. His lectures were right out of the book, and all he did was read off of his power point presentation the whole time. He's a nice guy, though, and will help people out. His tests were formatted in a great way that allowed you to choose what sections you wanted to answer. Not bad if you don't mind boredom.
excellent
Mr. Grosswiler knows me by name- even in this fairly large class- might be because I was always 5 minutes late. Class material is interesting and lectures worth attending. Also a GREAT advisor, even when you switch into JMC 2nd semester Junior year!
He's really into free speech and is laid back.
Really knows his stuff
Challenging and funny
Fantastic prof and person
Take professor Robbins for your capstone class!!! This class was my best of the semester and I actually learned things. The capstone is shaped by a term paper/presentation at the end of the semester and eight (one page) papers with the articles you chose to put into your term paper. Doing it this way really set us up to write the term paper easily!
Really interesting course.
Great Instructor! Loved the class and the awesome examples she used.
Rigorous class with a many grading components. Me and the other members of the class really bonded and Prof. Sobolik was great at melding the lecture, seminar, and lab components of the class. Loved it!
I loved this class and am going to go into zoo archaeology in grad school. the course was very rigorous and involved but I learned a lot. Dr. Sobolik was a great instructor and I really loved the labs.
This was an interdisciplinary course and Prof was knowlegeable about a wide variety of subjects. I enjoyed learning more about anthropology -- it isn't my field -- and she made it easy to understand. Excellent graduate seminar!
This was an excellent class and a fantastic teacher. Looking back on what I learned, I realize how useful and important the information was. Greatly appreciated as I move into the real world.
I have taken most of her classes and enjoyed all of them. She likes to teach the subject and wants students to learn. Take her upper division courses - they are good.
I learned a lot from this professor. She is very enthusiastic and taught me to write better. A big help.
I learned a lot of stuff I didn't know before. This is an interesting class and the instructor is good. I liked the class
She is a great professor and I will be taking more classes from her. She really knows her material and is able to have us understand what she wants.
She is friendly and accessible
loved this teacher and this class. she is clear and very knowledgable. she is understanding and can be very helpful if you approach her. does not take lightly those that slack off. she is an excellent teacher that expects excellance from her students.
she is a good teacher that actually still scales! she is very knowledgable and interested in her subject and can be funny. she can be helpful if you just go and ask her a question either after class or during her few office hours. she inspires me.
Baycka is amazing. She is the funniest lady and just loves to talk. You can't get enough of her and her cats and her glasses haha. She can cheer you up just by smiling if your having the worst day.
Excellent teacher. Take the class... i didn't even need the class for my major (KPE) but i took it anyways and it ALWAYS made my day
Baycka is the BEST!
I loved Professor Hayes class! She is sooo incredibly intelligent and really cares about what her students learn.
Marie is one of the most knowledgeable professors I've ever had the pleasure of being taught by. She is challenging, but super supportive. Just work hard and she will appreciate your efforts and answer all questions!
She's a very smart woman. It was great to take a class where you didn't feel like the prof. was treating you like a kid. Her research adds alot to her teaching.
This class is interesting and well-paced.
she is knowledgeable and a great lecturer, very intelligent, sharp
Few people have had the influence on my life that he has had. This man was a remarkable professor and mentor.
Smartest man alive...hands down
Greatest teacher ever. Period
"If you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen" he will either make you learn the material or he will help you change majors.
The best professor I have ever had. The material is difficult, but after you've had the class you understand it all.
a beenfeldt quote: "I will do anything I can to help you succeed in this class... except make it easier" so true. kicks your ass but in the end you'll thank him for making sure you aren't wasting your time in EE.
Best Teacher yet. Truely teaches material inside and out. Does service by kicking out half the engineers early instead of later. Can easily lower self to student level for explanation.
The single best teacher I have had so far in college. His class is very hard but it's electrical engineering. Is it suppossed to be easy?
The single best teacher I have ever had. He expects and gets more out of his student than any other I've ever seen. Highly recommend his classes just prepared to put all others to the side.
Good, but be wary of losing lots of points on test for mistakes.
Bad text, good teacher. Lots of office hours.
Excellent teacher
VERY good teacher, very helpful, one of the best teachers I have ever had
Great teacher! Going to class helps with the test and is also super interesting. There's one big paper but its not too bad. He has it assigned early in the semester so it doesn't land with the rest of finals which is thoughtful. Test are kind of hard but all the notes are provided so it's easy to study. Fun class, lots of animal stories!
Great professor. Tests were fair and concept based. As long as you pay attention and do a little studying, you'll get an A.
amazing, very busy man though.
Excellent professor! Tests are of intermediate difficulty, but he is very helpful and understanding. Not averse to extending deadlines or moving tests for you. A+
One of,if not the,best AVS teachers UMO has.Great classes where you actually WANT to learn the material and go to class.Always willing to help,very understanding when it comes to deadlines if you need more time.His tests aren't easy,but he give so much opportunity to learn the material. 5 STARS!
great professor and super nice guy, not especially easy, but you'll learn stuff
Excellent teacher, very nice guy. I highly recommend him.
EXCELLENT teacher, very clear, very organized, not easy, but fair
Steve is a wonderful professor. He is highly intelligent, charismatic, and engaging. ENG 271 is a text-heavy course, and you should expect to read roughly 40 pages each night. There is also one paper, several journal entries, and an essay-based final. It's a difficult class, but it's also rewarding. Plus, Steve is easily THE hottest professor. ;)
I had Professor Evans for ENG 271 and, while I wasn't really sure what to expect going into the class, I really enjoyed it. It was definitely a different type of English class than I'm used to, but I really enjoyed the course content (despite the number of reading assignments) and always found the class discussions interesting and enjoyable.
Prof. Evans did a great job of making a class I wasn't initially interested in very engaging. He usually conducted a very stimulating class, and while course work was tough, he was extremely fair with his grading. I would recommend taking a class with him.
Great Prof., very understanding, and easy to follow. Highly recommend any class he teaches!
He is very passionate, knowledgable, and dedicated to his field. He struggled a little bit at first to figure out what he wanted the class to do. But he is an asset to the English Department.
Smart, funny, charming, and compassionate. Cares about his students, knows his subject matter well, and will make you laugh. Easy to talk to if you're having problems. Makes you want to do your best. Take ANY class taught by him. Worth it.
He's the best professor I've ever had.
Steve Evans taught me that wrong life cannot be lived rightly. Consequently, I just do drugs and have sex all the time. Thanks, Steve!
Whoa! Steve has 9 sexy ratings?
Actually cares about what he is teaching..
Steve was great! very helpful and very understanding
Dr. Butterfield is an absolute legend in the world of physical education and motor development. The class hangs onto every word he says during lecture and before you realize it the 50 minutes are up. He will be missed at the University of Maine! GO BEARS!
Most definitely the best professor I have ever had. He gives great feedback and advice. He teaches in a way that everybody can learn. I liked his class so much that I looked forward to my 8am's. Dr. B doesn't give easy grades, but he won't stop teaching until you understand it.
Great old school professor with a desire to make class interesting. His stories are great. He always preaches the relevance and practical application of everything he instructs.
A very nice man who is a lot like Walt in his aspect of what you put in is what you will get out of his class.
Great teacher!!Probably the best in the department!
He really knows his stuff and cares about his students.
Great Guy, very experienced in the courses he teaches
Great Teacher. Has Got to be the best. Makes you think for yourself but help you out if you need it. Very approachable. Great guy.
Awesome guy and professor. Such a little cutie too! Only drawback is he is a Yankees fan!!
great teacher, funny guy, with lits of great stories
This teacher is the easiest of any, literally doesn't care about anything
great teacher! his topics at the beginning of the semester are not important to you until you understand how it all comes together as a coach, enjoy your time with him... you will miss it
SHOWS TREMENDOUS PASSION IN HIS TEACHING
Walt is a Great teacher, his aproach is more as a mentor or a coach. He relates well to his students. The only thing he asks is that you try your hardest. If you want to dick off and not do what you are suposed to, then don't take his classes. He is fair and will give you the benifit of the doubt, as long as you work hard.
You have to work hard in all of his classes for the grade you want. He is a very fun, and witty man who is totally awesome. Whatever you need when you need it, he'll be there to help you if you try. If you don't put any effort into class, or your work, you're on your own bub. Being in college, students should take responsiblity for their actions. Walt keeps his word, and I like that.
GREAT TEACHER!!! Yes he does play favorites, but even so, he is undeniably the best professor i've ever had, and look forward to many more classes with him
One of the best I've ever had. Genuinely concerned with the well-being of each student... and he'll tell it as he sees it. Inspirational, full of knowledge, and a true role model. Will also keep you laughing.
This guy is by far the best teacher i have ever had. i learned more in one week then the entire four years of college. It will be one sad day when he leaves teaching. Walt is the man at 70 plus years he can still whip 20 somethings at a lot of things
Walt is the man... im a football player and i like walt alot... He's one of the coolest around
crazy man
very impressive man!
His love of literature is apparent and infectious.
Tony is forever my favorite professor at UMaine. Last year I thought I was taking 170 with his wife, However, she became ill for the semester so (in his words) I got "stuck with him". He's changed the way I look at literature and read. After 170 he told me that I could use a challenge and to take his 470- He's the reason that I'm now an Eng major.
BEST I EVER HAD. understanding and wonderful
Tony will give your life meaning again. Even among above average professors, it is rare that one finds an individual with such a subtle and powerful intelligence who also cares about his students.
Great man. Very lax when it comes to assignments and assessments. All around great person. You will learn a lot. Have you ever heard someone meow when they are disturbed by something? He will and it is the funniest thing.
I took his class last semester. He is one of the best professors that I've ever had. His one on one sessions are extremely productive and do alot to improve your writing. If you have to take ENG, I strongly recommend taking it with Brinkley.
Very thought-provoking, interesting to listen to, brilliant guy.
Rarely does someone reach me on this level. This person has changed my life. Thank you Tony-N.B.
Kind hearted man, taught me what I needed to know. A bit spacey though, but no more than a fundementalist christian, just not in the same way. I've never met a man who knew more about Blake.
Tony can make anything interesting. Besides, he has great calf muscles he he!!! (inside joke) what a hunk!
Ignore the idiots who deny the power of Brinkley. See only my smiley face and know that this man is the epitomy of human knowledge.
Brinkley is god!
Very brilliant and interesting. Bonus: he does not grade.
Mr. Das is very difficult to understand, but his class is very easy. you really don't even have to pay attention to get an A in his class... But i worked my ass off in his class. If you have an A in his class all semester then you will without a doubt get A on the final
Outdated and worthless? Is this because he talks with an accent and uses words with exotic flavors? If it is because he thinks in a different language in his head and has to translate back and forth in order to converse, give the guy some slack.
Dr. Das is an incredible teacher and does his best to teach students in a comical and happy way. If you are having trouble in class, go to his office and ask for help. Give him a chance and look past his colors, you ****s!
awesome teacher---possible the best ^_^
One of the easiest classes that I had this summer. He drops the lowest test grade and gives you the chance for extra credit. By the last day of the class, I only needed a 65 to get an A.
Lots of opportunity for extra credit. Has a passion for the the subject and very helpful. Exams are tricky, a bit difficult. Encourages participation. Do the work, extra credit and you'll be fine. Very nice guy.
It seems those of you that didnt like him out there cant even spell... I enjoyed him along with the people that are left in my major... If you cant make it through him, you are not going to graduate in networking... Wont happen... He is a good prep for
Had Kyle Hunter for a brief period. Found him extremely confusing so I went to Dr. Mitchell because I had him for 006. He worked with me to get me into his class. He teaches a humorous but effective manner that I can relate to. Offers a lot of extra credit so take advantage. 182 was difficult for me but he helped me through it.
This professor is hot.
There are so many great things to say about Dr. Mitchell. He is such a funny guy and really makes you enjoy being in his lectures. He genuinely cares about teaching math and he can make anyone appreciate it too. He has his own style that makes things easier to understand. He gives plenty of extra credit and his exams are actually taken in class!
At first he seem kind of rude and arrogant. However, once we got a few weeks into Calculus II, you can really appreciate the genius behind his teaching techniques. Possibly the best Mathematics Professor at Penn college.
Dr. Mitchell makes your time in his class worth it every day. He never put anything on the test that was not thoroughly covered in the class. He is open to any questions students have and makes sure they are answered. I recommend him to anyone!
Dr. Mitchell Is a great professor. He made Calc II easy! (Well... as easy as calc II can get) If you pay attention and do your homework, good grades are very attainable. His lectures are understandable, and you can tell he has a passion for teaching. He is very quirky, which some students may not like, but I thought was great. Would take again
This class was very easy. He doesn't assign a lot of problems for homework and as long as you turn them in you get credit even if they aren't all right. There are no quizzes but a test at the end of each chapter. He gives you a review sheet and a day in class to review. Everything is outlined on the syllabus and tests are taken in class.
I would highly recommended anyone whos going for Calculus to take his class one of the best teacher ever
He is an amazing teacher!! Do your homework and you will be fine! I would take him again in a heart beat! I thought it was an easy A.
Extremely easy. I received a 100% on all four tests without studying or whatever other people do. If you do the homework and the bonus review problems, you will get an A. He doesn't assign hundreds of problems for homework either. SHOW UP TO CLASS!! If a lot of people miss on a certain day, he gives 5 extra bonus points to those present.
Good guy, straight forward and quarky. Made the time go by. tests were average, homework wasnt bad. Definately take him, his grading system has so many extra points built in. He cyphers out the crap you dont need
Best math teacher i have had ever! They guy is just down to earth and teaches you what is important. He gets**** done and doesnt piss around doin it. If he teaches what he had planned and there is an hour left in class, he lets you go instead of giving you busy work. homework is light, usually 10 problems. awesome guy, recomment him to anyone!
He is the best teacher ever. He is very clear on his teaching and he makes class fun and makes you want to attend.
Good professor. Will help with any math related issue. Examples are clear and easy to understand. I suck at math and right now I am holding an 85% in his math151 course. Goes to show that with the proper teachings that ANYONE can get the hang of the concept. Just need good teachers like him.
Nice guy. There's no homework to turn in for his class. You don't understand the information, he'll stay after. If everyone does, class is out early.
Great teacher
I loved his teaching method! He did the impossible - he made math easy! I would strongly recommend hom to my friends. He keeps class fun by telling a lot of jokes, and his tests are really easy! I got a hundred on three of them. The key to doing well in his class is to come to class and do the homework. He's the best Math teacher I've ever had!
cool
Dr. Mitchell is by far the best math professor at this college. He is the best
Best math professor i've ever had
Class was cool, I never payed a dime of attention so I don't really know how he teaches, GIVES A TON OF HOMEWORK.
Great professor. I learned so much from his class.
He kicks butt
we didn't have a final because everyone was so consistent, thanks doc!
You have entered the WOW dimension!!!
Hard class - pushes you to learn
Great prof, but he can mumble, so sit as close to front as you can. Has weekly 1 page papers that are great at reinforcing concepts/applying them to the real world. Breaks down each chapt. into 2 or 3 classes & posts ppts, so print them out before class (3 slides/page) & use them to take notes on what he says. Final essays are written out of class.
Oh my gosh this guy is hysterical! All his classes are lectures but man does this guy know his stuff! The way he talks and randomly yells is very humorous. The best are the things he says he does tend to talk low though so sit up front for the show
Dr. Fontaine is a great professor that really cares about his students. He loves what he does, you can tell from his lectures. His class was my favorite by far!!
Dr. Fontaine is a very well around man. Hes very funny and witty likes to ramble and stutters. But overall hes an amazing professor and very knowledgable. HE ROCKS!!
You need to study but he gives you the info to study. He is very knowledgable of his field and interesting. No surprises in his class and he is organized. You just gotta do your work as a student!I enjoyed his class.
People are way too hard on him. The guy knows what he's talking about, and he does a great job getting his point across. I wasn't looking forward to taking his class when I started, but by the time I was finished I kind of liked it. Pay attention, do the reading, and you'll get an A.
He's very intelligent, a bit of sarcastic, dry humor. He does tell you up front that his class is not a cakewalk. Yes you have to study and read the book. If you do, you'll be fine. He's a great teacher, but STUDY!!
I don't think he deserves a 2.5 rating.Yes,his class is hard.Yes,he expects us to work hard.Isn,t that why were here?Think of were the world would be today if idiots were ruling the world(especially our hospitals)scary. This is coming from a student who never had to strugle until his class. I gvuA+
I had him over the summer and I laughed hysterically! They were the best lectures! Most people that didn't like him were the ones who skipped a lot of classes and didn't do the reading. I thought he was awesome!!!
Roy is the man. He may seem like an ass but this guy is a damn genious. Not only is he a psychologist, but he is a primatologist and he knows something about pretty much everything. His lectures are awesome. I recommend him to serious students only.
Best lectures i have ever heard from any prof. He really knows his stuff and has high expectations. If he talks about a topic be sure you know it thoroughly because it will be on the exam.
i have an a in his class so screw all of you
Very funny and fair. He makes you learn the material in his own unique way.
Very hard, but fair. LOVES accounting
Excellent class. Lectures are well organized and he is genuinely concerned about you learning the material. Study guides and practice quizzes are posted for the 3 exams. He adapted the class to include extra assignments so our grade wasnt just based on 3 exams. He peppers his lectures with jokes and stories so the class isnt boring at all.
Professor Jeffery is very enthusiastic about his subject. He is a funny guy, very nice. He is very approachable. His exams were tough, but his grading was generous. His class was "60% lecture, 40% book" to use his own words. I would recommend this course to others. Wanted an easier course to keep my GPA up and wound up very much enjoying this class
Very difficult intro class and I'm a GEOG major! Fun guy, the class was always interesting. I didn't even need a textbook for the class. No cumulative final.
Excellent teacher. By the time you finish this course you will know more than you expect to get out of this class. Very interesting. 3 hours flies like an hour and a half. Good summer class. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn. If you just want a easy A look for some other class :>
Is an excellent teacher. If you pay attention and do your readings, you will learn an incredible amount of awesome information. He is one of those teachers that forces you to pay attention and constantly involves the class in discussion. Awesome guy!
A terrific dissertation advisor.
Seidman has been my favorite eacher at umbc, and i'm an art major who hates math. he is a brilliant man who loves to be involved with and talk to his students, i was always excted to come to this class.
I enjoyed His no nonsense approach and you have to keep up.
Mr. Templeton does not tolerate laziness, lack of preparation, does not coddle you, and does not provide positive reinforcement without merit. He requires you to be informed for debate; arguing your Google research is a non-starter. This class requires adult maturity for maximum benefit. Don't be a petulant entitlement turd and you'll excel.
Professor has easy testing method. He is straightforward and his classes are mostly lecture. He will call you out if you sleep or talk but if you stay on his good side he is a great asset to you as a professor. Grading is clearly explained and never changes.
Took it during the summer. He is a very intelligent professors and knows EXACTLY what he's talking about. Arguing with him will get you nowhere because he is very dedicated to his convictions. Not a ridiculously easy class but if you have an even minor interest you will find the material interesting. The videos were a little outdated though.
Roye is one of those old-fashioned gentlemen. He expects respect and for you to follow directions. Phil 146 isn't that hard a class. Just do exactly what he says and you'll do fine. Also, he lets you turn work in very late, or take quizes or tests late too
One of the best classes I have taken here. Very helpful. Noticed a dramtic change in my writing ability. Take the class, sit in the back and dont say anything, ask a question after class. He is a really nice guy, still see him and talk to him all the time
Excellent course. Learn how to think clearly and logically.
this guy is amazing! Like a clenched fist raised in the air but wuth a velvet glove over the abrasiveness. Amazingly intelligent, can come up with on the spot insight like few people I've ever met in life. Great politics too,
He is a very intelligent man and demands a lot out of his students. If you are not willing to stand up to the challenge, don't take his classes. BUT, if you want to learn from someone who knows what he is talking about, go for it!
This guy is an institution at UMBC, has been teaching this class for years. Tough, but you learn a lot!
Excellent professor. Course was not particularly easy, but professor was willing to help on any detail that was unclear from reading material. very thorough
Great teacher! Most useful course I took in 16 years of formal education.
an excellent educator, really great
She is stellar. Truly a fun and dedicated professor who is always there to explain thing, and even if it is for the 50th time she remains just as patient and kind as if it were the firs.t She also has cute shoes. Go her.
Fun lab class - get to play in water. Teacher is great, really nice. She is, however, a nonsense kind of person so don't be a goober in this class.
I loved this teacher - the class is a lot of work, but the labs are fun! Keep on top of the work though, slacking off would be a bad news. And she brings her dogs to school with her sometimes, the one named Bob is really cool and friendly.
She is the best. A bright spot and UMBC - such a thing is hard to find. Highly recommend this class. Thank god for Karin, where would all us non-science people be ;)
awesome class. easy and straightforward. good class for non-science majors. no textbook. just go to class and take notes and you'll be fine on the exams. one paper; not bad at all. labs are a lot of fun and i actually learned a lot.
this was probably the class i hated most during my junior year. i took it for my GFR...it's so easy a trained monkey could do it. but, if you want an easy A, go for it. i was lazy in the class, skipped lecture, and still got a B. just make sure you goto lab, otherwise your screwed. and she does bring her dog, Bob to class, so that was cool.
She IS funny and lecture can be entertaining, but thats all. Class is FILLED with garbage busy work! The work is brainnumbingly simple, yet takes way to long to complete. Ecobeaker labs? A complete waste. Takes what should be a fun, interesting science class, and makes you run away from science. Id hate to do for a living what we did in that class.
she knows wassup. She knows it's a BS class and designs the class accordingly. With very minimal effort it is an easy A. I wrote numerous lab reports **** and got A's and B's on all of them.
Karin is one of the best teachers I've had at UMBC, and a great advisor. She clearly loves what she teaches, and passes that interest on to her students. This could easily be a tedious class, but she makes it fun and exciting. And her stories are great!
I miss this course, I really loved it. I learned alot from it and Karin was awesome. There is a lot of work but it isn't difficult and labs are fun, so was the TA.
Karen Readel is a funny, kind, interesting person, and all of that comes out in her teaching style. This class is interesting - it's not a bunch of BS because she relates the lessons to the real world. Most of the assignments are quite easy, but there is a lot of work. And, man, is she ever cute.
Karen is a great lecture teacher! Makes class interesting and fun to attend. Her grading policy is straight-forward and tests are easy if you study the notes. A great teacher and class.
You know you have to take a lab requirement, so you might as take SCI 100 with Dr. Readel. She's an awesome teacher. She's fun, approachable, and very helpful. The assignments seem tedious, but it's much better than the huge papers you receive in your other classes. Easy A!
She said just tonight that a student could pass her class even without showing up to any class except for the midterm and final. How can you go wrong with her?
She's a super cool, knowledgable person.
Great professor! She knows her water well !!!
Karin is a wonderful teacher!!! And the class is extremely easy, you must be incredibly stupid (or lazy) if you fail this class. SCI 100 is the ultime BS class.
I had so much fun in this class! She really made science interesting. I learned a lot!
This a great alternative to the other (harder) lab classes.
Cake
Ben Friedlander taught me how to transform a river into a river of blood.
Ben is one of the most intellectual people I've met--honored to be in his class.
GREAT MAN=GREAT CLASS!
Yes, his classes are tough, but he teaches accounting, what do you expect? I got an A in this course and all I did was use the textbook to help me on homeworks and to review key concepts before quizzes and exams. If you read the chapters before class, or even just before an exam, you will be fine (do the homeworks cause you can get 100)! Nice guy
This is a challenging class, but as long as you actually do the work, you should not have a problem. Read the chapter before class so that you're ready for quizzes, do extra work besides the assigned homework, and take advantage of the extra study sessions that he holds all the time. There is really no reason that someone should do badly.
He is really responsible.
A Dull Professor for an Even Duller Subject. What a MATCH! Knows his stuff, can really get it across. Is available for help, but expects effort on your part.. not just "I don't get it!"
Seems tough at the beginning but if you follow the material it is getting easier. A lot of homeworks but help you to keep up. Very accessible and willing to help.
Great teacher! If you show you'll work hard he will help you as much as you need.
PUshes Students to be their best - good guy!
GREAT TEACHER!
Always off topic, but in a good way. A great prof for a small class setting as he was great at leading class discussions. Some of the readings assigned were very long.
One of the best history professor's at UMaine. Excellent. Interesting, funny and extremely helpful. Wish more professors were like him. When you are in his class you are not a number. Class is easy to follow and interesting.
Professor Segal is a wonderful person personally and a wonderful Professor. I would definitely take more classes with this professor!
Very funny guy. Lots of good books that are mandatory. Very spirited discussions and very tolerant of opposing views. He is very liberal but fair to conservative arguments. Grading is fairly easy, but you must do excellent work to get an A.
TOO SEXY!!! TOO SEXY!!! BUT I MUST!!
You get credit for participation which is good. There are 10, 2 pg papers, which actually helps your grade, if you do them. Easy to do if you follow instruction. Exams are timed, but if you know the material it is enough time
Great class, and very organized. Prof was clear about what she wanted, make sure you keep up with participation assignments since it counts like 25% of your final grade.
Prof Lapadula was a great professor. The material was straightforward and you'll be fine if you pay attention, study, and do well on the exams/final paper. The class was enjoyable and I would recommend taking her.
Professor knows the subject very well and gives interesting lectures. Cares about students and always willing to help. If you do the work you will be fine.
10/10, her daughter too! Take if you want easy A.
There are no tests for this class. Only a midterm and final which are not cumulative. If you put in the work it will be an easy A
Best teacher I had in my life! She's so smart and gorgeous!
Dr. Lapadula is a VERY intelligent lady. She definitely knows her stuff! Show up for class & pay attention! She makes class interesting and fun. You need to take notes as she speaks and read the textbook!! I would definitely take her again!
Just take good notes on everything she writes and says. Just a midterm, final, and paper. Gives you all the resources you need to do well just use them properly.
Very Clear, take her as your professor!
Dr. LaPadula is a wonderful professor who is articulate and easily understandable.
She's a nice, friendly teacher. Uses easy-to-understand notes on the chalkboard. Gives great notes. Her tests come directly from them which come right from the book. If you pay attention and study you'll do well. I slacked off in my studying and paid the price for it with a B. :/
She is by far the best teacher I know here at NYIT. Her teaching is so good that I actaully learn and retain the information that I learn. It was a pleasure being in her class this semester. My interest in psychology is so high now.
Professor Lapadula is an awesome teacher! She has interesting examples to help explain what she is teaching. This helped me understand and remember all the different methods of psychology come test time. I will miss Professor Lapadula!
awesome teacher! the test were easy- class work -hardly any. really helpful overall!!!
Dr. LaPadula is an awesome teacher, and she's always been helpful to me!!! I saw those bad ratings Dr. Ignore them!! i think you're awesome!!!
An excellent teacher. The best in the department. Fun, fair and informative. Highly recommended.
her class was EXTREMELY informative. taught me a lot about parenthood and children.
She was a great teacher and very nice.
Dr. L is a great teacher. Challenges you with term papers but that's good.
I love Dr. Williams! She is definitely one of NYIT's best. She makes you work hard for your grade and her class is not for slackers. I learned so much in her class because the skills you need to pass her class are definitely useful for the workforce. I highly recommend her!!
She is an awesome professor, makes the class interesting. I had a lot of fun in her class. She has helped me a lot since I came to NYIT!
This was my undergraduate seminar and I lucked out that the topic was Weimar/Nazi Germany and a massive portion of your grade is your thesis 15-20 page paper that is 50% of your grade. This was also the covid semester where we were sent home halfway through and Lang was very accommodating. Not an easy A prof but if you do your work, you'll be ok.
Great Professor. He knows a lot and the class is easy as long as you go to it. He is very available to speak with and is super open to questions of all kinds! Office hours are awesome and the textbook is actually quiet interesting. Great Academic Advisor as well if you have the chance to have him.
Great feedback that helps improve your writing. Interesting primary source readings that help you view important world issues and events from different perspectives. Interesting lectures. IS very open to different opinions--but only if you can argue or explain them logically. Visceral reactions won't fly in his classroom and that's not a bad thing.
Great professor. His politics come through, but he does so respectfully and is eager for students to disagree...but also respectfully. Lectures are interesting, textbook complements nicely, assignments are FUN.
Pretty much the most fun I have had with a professor over the years here. Recommended, but show up to class, and do the precis statements. Disregard the below rating, the person who wrote that sat at the back of the class and didn't want to be there.
Excellent. A real intellectual.
cool
Very interesting class, lecture style allows you to take notes and listen and learn at the same time.
Great class, regular reading/writing assignments. Challenging but not too hard. Awesome politics.
One of the best professors at the University. Interesting class. Respects other points of view, classes definately worth attending
Best teacher I have ever had at the University of Maine. I look forward to going to class, its always entertaining. Take this class.
Awesome professor. Hard, but totally worth it. Certainly one of the best teachers in the history department. He made the subject interesting, and easy to learn. GO TO CLASS!!!
Great professor, very smart, presents material very interestingly, a must take! His TA sucks though:(
Hard texts, cool guy!
very smart and personable, always cares about what the students think
he's funny, cares what we think, and brings some life to the class.
Best Prof I have had here
Warhola is a wonderful professor. He expects you to know the subject matter at hand and to be able to think critically about it, but understands if you may not grasp it all. Lots of papers, but gives you multiple chances to revise and do better. Smartest professor I've ever had. Guy is a living legend.
Great professor who is really passionate about the subject (Russian Politics).A lot of work, but very honest with expectations. 2 Exams, 1 Research Paper, and the Final. Do the reading and attend class regularly and you'll get an easy A.
I love this man. He is brilliant, kind, humble, generous, witty, good natured, engaging, charming, worldly, manly, gentlemanly, honest, handsome, and . . . he is a great teacher. True scholar and a model human being. UMaine is lucky to have him.
A great professor, worth taking multiple classes with. His breadth of knowledge seems boundless. Classes are worth attending. He does expect his students to do a lot of work (the assigned readings), but if you push yourself intellectually in his class you will rewarded with a grade that you deserve and an having learned from one of best.
I found Warhola to be an amazing teacher! While sometimes the longer lectures with him can become boring, it's more that the topic isn't as exciting sometimes. Only odd thing is how much he hates to give out As, so if you get an A- or B+, it's practically perfect! haha
Professors don't get much better than this guy.
He is by far one of the best professors I have encountered at the University of Maine. His knowledge of International Affairs and Political Science is boundless. His lectures are always worth attending. He rarely goes off topic and yet always manages to infuse a bit of humor into his lectures. I can't wait to take more of his classes next year.
Amazing professor and probably one of the best at UMaine. Extremely knowledgeable about Russia and Eurasia. Lectures are interesting and worthwhile. He cares A LOT about student progress and if students are succeeding in his class. Take his classes - you won't regret it!
Easily one of the best professors at the University. His classes are always worth attending, Russian politics especially. He's extremely engaging, and very objective. Really great sense of humor as well. He can be long-winded, but it's in the best way possible. He cares about his students and does everything he can to clarify what he's teaching.
He has to be one of the best professors in the entire University. The students are the first priority on his list. His classes are worth attending and is always willing to help you. And if you are an Ohio State football fan, you're guaranteed an 'A'... okay not really, but it won't hurt you.
great professor. always willing to help!
Great Professor
Really nice guy, really great study guides, really smart, really helpful, fair tests. I guess the only thing that could be considered negative is that he can answer the same question for 15 minutes straight.
Knowledgeable, upbeat and intelligent. Creates lively and stimulating classroom debate.
Great guy. Excellent professor. Is a touch long winded at times, but is VERY knowledgable and cares for students who show interest.
Ask a question and he'll have the answer. And he speaks at least four languages
African Politics was a blast, excellent Professor!!!
The ties might be clip ons... but he still rocks and is an excellent teacher!!
Prof Warhola is why you come to University. Knows Tons.
Good guy. Fellow vet.
No no no! Professor Warhola is the best! He so funny! 241 was a good class
Ed is the best teacher I have ever had and makes public administration the most interesting subject available, by being very knowledgeable,and quick to use an example from Maine and around the world (with a funny story attached). Grades difficultly, but appropriately. If you plan to grasp the subject at hand, you must go to every class. Great beard
Hands down the best prof at UM. Awesome stories that make you laugh at politics. We are lucky to have him at Maine. Probably the most real professor in history considering he went to UM as an undergrad. Has really bizarre office hours...but you'll never need them.
Really enjoyed his class! Great guy! Exams are essay with study guide provided. Prepare and you will do well and you will do well.
Amazing professor, interesting lectures, great examinations system, teachers incredibly well, great stories. Very gifted.
Amazing man. Awesome prof. A lumberjack with 2 PhDs...only at UMaine!
Very good class. Well tought by a gifted instructor.
Great professor, very stimulating.
Great prof. Highly reccomended. A normal human, not a stuffy prof.
Thought provoking, knowlegeable, and very approachable. Overall an excellent professor.
Highly intelligent, able to create lively classroom discussion.
Excellent professor with a wealth of knowledge and experience.
Ed is the best professor that I have had at UM, he really knows his stuff!!!
This man knows what he is talking about. I've learned more from the 2 classes i've taken with him, then all my other courses combined. If you are a slacker and don't want to do work... take another class. If you are a legitimate education major and you want to be a good teacher someday, then this is the class to be in. He is a very fair grader.
Unless you are a slacker, take this course from him. You learn more from him than any other course. He is very intelligent, nice, and helpful. Takes feedback well from students. Be prepared to work a little though. Other sections will not prepare you like this one.
I learned a lot from him, more than from any other teacher in the college of ed. He really prepares you for teaching.
I learned more in this class then in any other class i took that semester. Very helpful, extremely intelligent and an overall nice guy. I would highly reccommend taking this class with Prof. King is you actually want to learn something.
He's so nice. One of the best professors I've had during my college career. I was terrified of him at first (from all the rumors I'd heard) but he really is awesome. Easy grader!
He presented material well and was really one of the best professors at this school.
he's a bit wierd but he really cares about his students
Dr. Barks was a great teacher. She truly inspired me to do hard work that I was proud of when usually I just do enough to get an A. She's the most influential teacher I've had at Maryland. If you want to work and become a better writer take her class. She cares about her students and her subject. Treat her respectfully and you will only get respect
I enjoyed Dr. Barks. She was an accomplished writer and a very kind, compassionate, and open-minded teacher. She challenged her students and she gave me a D on my second paper, but it's rewarding when you get a good grade in her class.
I love taking classes for Prof. Barkan. His lectures can seem kind of long but he clearly covers the information so there is no way to misunderstand. Study your notes and read the chapters assigned and it will be an easy A. Attendance is super important because he passes around a sign in sheet every single class.
An insightful and amusing lecturer.
AWESOME TEACHER:) very witty!
good class, comical prof., great time
helpful & answers any questions if needed
I think he's really sexy. Southern accent. really helpful, really nice, always available. reccomended.
excellent, energetic and always available
GREAT guy!
Very clear and keeps it as interesting as possible, though the material does gets very boring and tedious at times. The assignments are also pretty interesting.
Very informative, makes the subject interesting. Cool guy.
Excellent professor in a hard to teach subject.
Excellent professor, very flexible, does a good job teaching.
Incredibly helpful. Will answer e-mails within the hour. Very approachable.
Very helpful and smart. Willing to help at all times. Tough subject material in higher level classes.
He is a good teacher, but easily distracted. Don't eat in his classes, and definitely PAY ATTENTION! Not only is it on the test, but he will notice if you do not, and he will call you on it IN FRONT OF THE CLASS! Be a "good student" and you will be fine.
His excellent ability to blend with students
he is the best.
Kind. Kind. Super kind and a very interesting man.
Great guy, the kind of guy to think he got a great deal on something, when in actuality you are very aware of how poor the deal is in ways he couldn't even comprehend, due to the society being different from when he was younger. However, great guy just fascination with something he cant explain, which is just how it is with this field.
Interesting guy...pretty easy class if you follow his outlines for what he wants. Really nice and wants students to do well.
Markides is definitely a great teacher. Interesting lectures, though he sometimes has difficulty getting the class to participate. Very knowledgable man with MANY interesting stories. I recommend him.
Super entertaining. . Great Guy. .very funny
He's a great professor - the best I've had yet at UMaine!!!
A very positive prof. who knows his stuff
great professor
Great professor and real caring guy who helps whenever he can. He personally helped me in my capstone project, which was completely unrelated to the class, without me prompting him to do so. The class wasn't bad whatsoever. He grades extremely lenient on exams and explains material well in lecture. My complaint was that labs were a little unclear.
Lectures are sometimes boring because he explains everything in great detail, but he really makes sure you understand. 1-on-1s with him are very, very helpful. He is one of the best professors I've ever had.
He goes over every little detail, until sometimes redundant. But he is a great professor and a very nice guy. He explains things well, is very organized, and has some pretty "cool objects" to show every class. Love his class.
College Level Economics. Does not read the textbook to you, nor go over the entire thing, but rather explains what is more complicated/important. Great Teacher. You know what he expects from you.
Good professor. Go to homework help sessions with TA and will get 100's on all of them. Tests and homework are very similar. Overall a good guy.
Clear method, makes economics pretty easy. His homeworks and tests are pretty much the same
not a bad class
Makes economics bareable
Sandra is an amazing and incredibly intelligent woman. You will learn about yourself in her class, there is no conditioning required- if that is not your sort of thing, you shouldnt take her class. She isn't interested in you reciting back to her what you think she wants to hear, she will make you THINK for yourself. I Love her to pieces!
She is the epitome of the word "mentor" if you a willing to put it out there she will show you how to use it. If nothing else, you will surely know yourself better after working with / knowing her.
incredible. she knows what she is doing. best acting teacher the state of Maine has to offer.
sandra totally rocks you ****es
Sandra is one of the strongest teachers of the theatre department -- she knows what she's talking about. Do not take her classes unless you're ready and willing to work! She will help you to no end if you want to do your very best.
Sandra knows her stuff! If you think her class isn't working for you, then obviously you aren't meant to work in Theatre...
Dr Beggs is a great professor. If you show up, participate, work hard & conduct yourself as a soon to be graduate/professional she will treat you with respect. If you act entitled and disrespect she will not even entertain it. Very useful class and caring professor. Yes its difficult but not impossible.
GREAT professor ! the class is difficult but she is really nice and she always able to help you. two projects during the semester; select a good group and you should be in a good shape. i was afraid of taking her class at the beginning because i read all the bad feedback but she is a great professor, just do your well in your projects
I had her for policy... class wasn't that hard .. just make sure you get in good groups. She's a very nice teacher!
She's a great teacher!! Still shows cartoons before class... she's funny too.. I would definitely recommend her!! We had 1 individual project and 1 group project...
The hardest class you'll ever take, but it puts everything you've learned at Belk into one class and you learn a lot, if you try.
Very great professor! Shows at least one comic strip before class starts every morning. Very helpful...just be sure to get a good group for the project and don't wait until the last minute to start on your individual case.
Get to class on time and read in advance, you will be fine. Ask a lot of questions if not in class see her afterwards and she will create time for you. Start projects early and listen to everything she says thats what comes in the exams.
Talk with her before, after or outside of class and don't let your projects be a surprise and she will be more understanding of any difficulties you have. Work hard and you will learn a lot.
Good instructor, if you want to learn take her class.
Very good course, current events included, good discussions, Excellent
Terrific professor, a real scholar AND teacher.
He is a great teacher, brings his dog Chico to class (adorable) He is a great guy who really is concerned with the fact that your Spanish improves. Tough but makes sure no one falls between the cracks
His Larra class is a ton of reading, and you will learn about Larra for sure. Gies's enthusiasm is inspiring, but there should be a limit on how much students teach. He is paid to teach grad students, not mediate our conversations. He basically stops teaching after week 2. He grades final papers fairly and will work with you.
A great class, all spanish majors should try to take it at some point. However, don't take it if your command of Spanish is bad or if you are a sensitive person, because he is tough and will constantly critique you. Great guy though, has everyone over to his house for dinner.
amazing!
Weber is a brilliant woman and an amazing, world renowned scholar. Definitely take advantage of her office hours - shes incredibly helpful and youll learn more this way than you will sitting passively in class.
What are you guys talking about. Professor Weber is a great teacher and a real BABE!!! Oh boy is she HOT>
One of, if not the best professor at SFA, but be ready to work for your A. Don't miss class or be late, either.
Foreign Policy was the BEST class ever! So glad I took it. It's a grad level course but graded like any other undergrad course. If you plan on pursuing your education, this is a must take class. I'm getting my master's in IA currently and my International Affairs graduate course is so easy thanks to the lectures and readings in this class.
Dr. Tkacik is an amazing professor. He definitely knows what he is talking about and is absolutely hilarious and will keep you interested during the lecture with plenty of personal stories. He only has three tests including the final with plenty of extra credit throughout the year. Very nice to have a prof that cares so much about his students.
I LOVED professor Tkacik! He makes his lectures very interesting and you can tell he knows what he is talking about. He has the most amazing and funny stories that he tells when the class needs a little laugh. He does not use powerpoints so you have to take notes based on his lectures. The tests are fairly easy if you read the assigned readings.
I didn't think I was going to like this class but he was a great professor. With the way he lectures if you miss class you will be behind. He cares that you understand the material and will take time to re-explain if some don't understand. He makes jokes to keep the class interested and understands that the class is mandatory overall great teacher
This is one of the best professors I have had at SFA. He really knows what he is talking about and his lectures are easy to follow. I should have read the book a little more but I got a B from just lectures. He offered so many extra credit opportunities. He is funny and I am sure I deserved a C but homeboy got me a B. Take his class
BEST professor ever! He makes class fun, he is there for students, grades according to the syllabus, and LOVES his job! I would recommend this class to everyone. He understands that it is required and doesn't bombard us with assignments. The tests are tough but he gives extra credit!
Tkacik is one of the best professors at this school. He understands the class is mandatory and tells hilarious stories to make it less boring. He genuinely cares about everyone and will take time to talk to you. Tests are sort of hard, but if you study and understand the material it's easy. Definitely take him if you can.
I absolutely love Tkacik. He is probably not only my favorite professor, but one of my favorite people. He is so genuinely nice and so funny. You can tell he is really passionate about teaching and makes political science easy to understand. I highly recommend him.
Great teacher, smart ans challenges your intelligence. Read the book and take good notes and you'll be okay. Just stay focused and go to every class.
Dr. T is one of the finest profs on campus! More than any other person I know, he is a thinker. His material is challenging, but rich. If you want to improve your mind, dive into his class.
Tkacik is honestly a really great teacher. He cut down on the vulgarity, but he understands that it helps some people stay interested. He always has a smile on his face and practically begs the class to come by his office t review tests. He only has 3 tests including the final. Yes, you have to study and read, but that's what college is about.
What an AWESOME teacher!!!I would take him over and over again if I could! Completely changed my opinion of political science, and I loved that class! He's hilarious and makes the subject a lot easier to understand. Take him always if you can!!!
OMG!!! i love this teacher. I HATE poli sci, but his class is soooo much fun, i laigh the WHOLE time! he is hilarious! as long as u go 2 class n study you will be fine! he is a GREAT teacher really, and is very helpful. if i could hav him 4 a teacher 4 every one if my classes... i DEF would!! TAKE THIS MAN!
really funny and really intersting. knows what he is talking about. good teacher.
Tkacik is the coolest poli sci teacher ever!! He is really easy to get along with. He makes class interesting. His tests are very fair. However, reading to book is a must. He is going to Europe the spring semester, but will be back in fall '04.
I highly recommend him to all students. Hes funny, witty, knows his sh*t, entertaining and fun, understanding, cute and over all superiffic! Most of the time you will leave his class with a smile on your face and/or talking about his lectures for the rest of the day.
omg tkacik is AMAZING! if you go to class & do vocab out of the book you can esily make a b...and he offers extra credit too! very funny, very very smart, just awesome. he went to law school @ duke!
He is a expert in his field...you will learn more in his class than anyones elses but your grade will not reflect that...if you want to walk away with a understanding of the info take him if u want a ez grade run away from him...i have taken him for 12 hrs and i loved every min. of it...
He is by far the greatest teacher for poli sci and I hate the subject. Totally willing to help and don't fear asking questions or voicing your opinion. His test are pretty easy if you read book and take good notes in class. Go to class and take Tkacik.
ok he is an awesome teacher but by god be on time for class or u have to stand in the front of the room and read shakespearean poetry that basically is like Middle english****/erotica. other than that he is awesome. i had a blast in class, and he goes out to tailgate. Great teacher.
He is the best teacher you could ever have. He does crazy stuff like throwing the poduem over in the middle of lecture. You must read the book and study for his tests but he gives lots of extra credit and he is just a blast.
Cool teacher, does the best he can to make a boring subject interesting, hard tests, but there is oppurtunities for extra credit
HE IS THE MAN!!!! Never met a guy like Tkacik before. He taught me alot about the school and how to make it in college. I was honored to have him as an SFA 101 instructor. I wouls also recommed him for PSC 141 or 142 or any other class he teaches.
Dr. Tkacik is a really great lecturer. I usually tend to doze off during lectures, but he really kept my interest. He gives credit for participation in class, meaning speak at every chance you get. His tests are hard, but i think a little reading and studying would solve that. His tests are about concepts and actually understanding the material.
Tkacik is hillarious! He is a great teacher and when he feels the class is bored he talks about random stuff to get you interested again. I had to study a lot for his tests and he DOES take questions from the book to make sure your reading. He doesnt give a review but will give a little extra credit. He likes class participation!
This guy was awesome, even though I skipped a bunch of class at the beginning and got in trouble, he still didn't hold a grudge against me as I brought my grade from an F to a B+ the last 6 weeks. You can learn alot from this man and he relates things well.
Tkacik is a great teacher. He is willing to help all students. Tkacik left a high paying job (lawyer) to become a professor. He makes class very fun and interesting. I had him for 141 and 142 and it was always enjoyable. Take this teacher.
This professor is so fun! He will keep you laughing and learning at the same time! His class is GREAT! Definently would reccomeend!
His is the BEST PROFESSOR at SFA. Tests are easy if you look at the notes and somewhat skim the readings. Class dicussions are awesome, no attendance necessary! He likes it if you express you opinions and aren't afraid to discuss topics. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN!!
great teacher I enjoy his class a lot
Professor Tkacik is one of the best teachers at SFA. His class is very interesting and you are never bored. You have 3 test but if you just read the book and take notes in class you will make a good grade. TAKE THIS MAN, HE IS A GREAT TEACHER. HE IS SO GOOD I THOUGHT ABOUT CHANGING MY MAJOR TO POLY.
This man is very passionate about his job. He will make you reconsider on what your major may be. Hearing him speak makes you want to be in his shoes. There is zero homework. Take notes every day but not many. Read your book here and there on parts you are unclear about or talk to him. TAKE IT!!!!!!
class is never boring. likes to hear students opinions and very helpfull. U REALLY HAVE TO STUDY 4 HIS TEST though b/c they are kinda hard. no quizzes or homework or daily assignments. 3tests. HE DOESN'T CARE IF U COME 2 CLASS.
He is a great professor. Will keep you interested and involved all the time. He will help you in any way that you can. But...he only has three tests--no daily grades or participation or quizes. If you do bad on one or two of them...like I did...you will be screwed on the last test. But a great guy.
The BEST professor ever!! Funny and smart. Makes ever class fun and involved. I highly recommend him for any PSC course.
I hate government, and wasn't doing good in the class, but he's still the best teacher. He's a lot of fun and makes class, especially government, interesting. Stay involved in class and he'll like you. Study for tests!
class very interactive. teaches more in concepts than facts so if that isn't good for you this isn't your class. not much you can't say in discussion (trust me, i've said it all). cute to boot. . . i wouldn't say hot, (sorry mike) but cute as . . . um. . . heck
You will have to study, but he makes class interresting and fun. If you go to class it shouldn't be too hard to come out with a good grade.
great teacher helps you with everything.go to class and take note...read the text to get an A
I give Tkacik a gold star. He was easy to talk to and helpful. Gets rid of those ppl who want to ruin the class. I've decided not to take PSC until he's back from Europe. He's an awesome prof.
Tkacik is a wonderful guy! Incoming freshmen.. this is your man!! He's easy to talk to and his class is very interactive! He's pretty cute too so that's not bad either!
Single most influential prof I had at SFA. Great guy, interesting and entertaining lectures. Hes passionate about what he does and it shows resonates in the class environment.
This is one of the best teachers I have ever had. he is enthusiastic and fun. He teaches a subject that is boring by nature and makes it really fun. His tests are easy and he is very helpful. Very good guy!
Great teacher and teaches his class very well. Don't be late or you'll be reading Shakespeare. It's not bad though, he never gets mad and he tries to make you participate so he can remember your name and make sure you understand the class.
He's the best really seems to love what he's doing
He is quite possibly one of the funniest people alive! He made his class interesting and tested fair. Plus, when he's finished He'll let you out early. The best professor at SFA!!! Rock on!
Tkacik is the reason I go to class. His lectures are easy to follow, informative, and often interactive. He's always looking for ways to include students in his lecture, always up for discussion, willing and able to debate you on most topics. A fun guy!
He is the best prof. I have had. Not only does he help you with understanding the material and challenging your intellects, he is an awsome listener and helps his students with everything that he can to make us better.
He is the best prof. I never studied and made an easy B. He is funny and he is more than willing to help you out
VERY FUNNY AND SO NICE!!! I absolutely LOVE him!! He's so easy to talk to and tells you exactly what's on his mind and is extremely honest. Also class is very challenging and makes you think!! Would take him over any other prof. on campus.
Great teacher and human being...very intelligent and funny, he's someone you can consider as your friend, genuine, challenging...which is good
Best teacher I've had. Govt now interesting, understandable. Study for tests.
great teacher, knows his international stuff
Great Professor! Really Funny and easy to talk to with some level of difficulty
He's fun and charismatic. His humor is off the wall. You would love it!!
If humor and interesting class scares you, stay away. Very hot.
awesome teacher...VERY funny...would recomend to anyone!
Oh the things I would love to do to him behind closed doors.
Very cute and smart
He's agreat professor. He's got a good sense of humor and the class is fun.
Extremely easy class required for CS majors. Homework is easy but very boring.
VERY HELPFUL.... this guy will drop just about a phone call to help a student...
Hoppe is a hero
So based, so to speak.
This man is a god.
respected teacher
Hope is an incredible thinker and an excellent teacher.
Professor Hoppe has made wonderful strides in argumentation ethics and the philosophy of anarcho-capitalism.
Professor Hoppe is the best lecturer I have ever met. The only downside is that he made fun of the student Filip Havranek.
Listen and learn. Professor H. circumnavigates and disproves the false fictitious teaching of keynesianism, whilst being a tour-de-force in the respected school of Austrian Economics. The lectures are thought provoking and non-arcane -- contrary to many other courses -- and follow a proper operational outline of reasoning. Excellent course!
His methods of argumentation were superb, so to speak.
He taught us to physically remove, so to speak.
Best teacher ever.
The best instructor I have ever had. His tests are difficult, but he will motivate you and spark interest. He also adds in a good amount of humor.
The best, most thought provoking professor I have had. Changed my worldview as well. UNLV is lucky to have this Econ and Philosophy master!
He's my best teacher!
By far the best professor I ever took courses from. Changed my life!!!! things that i had thought before, i found out that others thought the same thing. The method of economics (in the Austrian Vein), went from being thought provoking ideas in my mind to thoughly fleshed out logical arguments.
dude this guy is awesome best professor i have ever had and i'm a senior in engineering
I took Prof. Hoppe's class a decade ago, and I STILL REMEMBER his lessons. When I see the Fed take action today, I understand what they are doing, and why. Hoppe's examples and explanations have stayed with me for an entire decade. I barely even remember most of my classes, but I remember a whole lot of what Hoppe taught. What a great teacher!
There should be a HHH fanclub!
The best teacher ever!
took in spring 04. great prof. makes you think outside the box. questionable on some ideas but overall makes you think more than any other prof. take him for sure
Clearly, an entire generation has been lost on this idea that you can speak words of wisdom and still be considered a **** or **** -- or some other god-awful taboo -- simply because the academic status quo wants you to believe in "homophobia" or some other politically incorrect gibberish.
Great lectures for the clear minded
Brilliant, provocative, and entertaining.
I can't believe what's happened to Hoppe. It's unjust. Some lame-brained student decided Hoppe made him feel bad about an innocuous comment in lecture, so the dork filed a complaint, and the university is punishing Hoppe. Shame on UNLV for allowing this dorky "student" to create such a controversy.
He's pretty easy, just pay attention and learn the material.
absolutely fabulous, take him if you can!!!
THE BEST THING UNLV HAS TO OFFER. BRILLIANT MAN. EVEN IF YOU DON'T CARE TO TAKE THE CLASS, YOU'LL LOVE IT.
My gosh. This man is God. I feel sorry for those who can not fit him in their schedule.
Best professor yet!
Brilliance, personified
Excellent teacher
Best professor at UNF. There were 3 exams and one assignment. Very doable to get As on the exam if you listen to the lectures. Exams are not proctored, but there is a browser lock, so you can have access to the lectures on another computer while taking the exam and print materials. Material is somewhat difficult, but Lamb explains it so good.
Dr. Lamb is a real gem. He is as clear cut and straight forward as they come. He puts all the material in his powerpoint presentations which also have his lectures. He is very clear in presenting the material and his grading criteria is also very straight forward. The material was very interesting for to me (financial management). Take his class.
Very good teacher
Do yourself a favor and take this class. Professor Lamb is absolutely fantastic. A real gem. He is very clear in explaining the material and his class is very straight forward. I personally found the material interesting and applicable in the real world.
Interesting and very informative, loved the Bloomberg experience, difficulty is high because of the content not the Professor. He teaches it well using the front board for calculations. Easy to follow. Take notes and don't miss a class and you'll do great!
THE BEST PROFESSOR!!!! He knows his stuff and will do whatever he can to help you be successful. His projects are very helpful but a little time consuming. Loved the fact he has business professionals come to class presenting different types of analytical view points. It keeps the class interesting and not just him standing up giving lectures
Best MBA professor at UNF
Excellent teacher! Held everyone on the same page, and made the most difficult things seem quite logical. Would definitely recommend!
Great teacher, very easy to understand. Tests are somewhat difficult but fair.
Great professor, he keeps class interesting. Take good notes and you'll do fine.
He is a great teacher who is very helpful.
EVERYTHING LIES WITH THE "BUSINESS CALCULATOR"!!! if you don't have one BUYONE exams will be sooo much easier.. class attendance is a must b/c he teaches the exam questions HOW EZ is that!
HE IS A GREAT TEACHER HAVE TO ACTUALLY LISTEN IN CLASS, SOME FORMULAS HE GIVES ARE DIFFRENT THAN WHAT'S IN THE BOOK BUT I THOUGHT THEY WERE EASIRE TO REMEMBER. BREAK OUTS GOES OVER HW PROBLEMS THAT WILL BE ON THE TEST. HE HAS A GREAT WAY OF EXPLANING THINGS, AND I THOUGHT IS WAS BETTER AND EASIER THAN THE GERMAN GUY. TAKE HIM FOR ANY CLASS YOU CAN!
Awesome professor. Hard material but he makes it interesting. Go to breakouts!
BEST FINANCE TEACHER, I HATED FINANCE UNTIL I TOOK HIS CLASS, I HAVE LEARNED A LOT AND NOW TAKING CLASSES THAT I THOUGH I WOULD NEVER TAKE. TAKE HIM YOU WILL NOT REGRET, IF YOUR LOOKING TO GET A GOOD GRADE AND ACTUALLY LEARN SOMETHING TAKE PROF. LAMB. FROM ME HE GETS A++++++++++++
I took him summer term of 2004 for Financial Management and he was the best professor I have ever had at UNF. HE was great.
Excellent professor I strongly recommend him for Financial Management. I had no interest in Finance until I took his class and now it is my major.
Lots of math but clear explainations. Good sense of humor. Not boring. Good professor.
This guy is great! I don't have one negative thing that I can say about him.
Easy going but knows his stuff and expects you to learn it.
One of the best teachers at UNCC...to bad he left back to his alma mater FSU...
Amazing professor! take his class if you get the chance. He makes class fun, and makes you want to learn the content. Never thought I would care so much about concrete, he makes everything interesting! He wrote the textbook himself, and even wrote funny quips into it to make homework more fun. He even memorized every students name on the first day.
Amazing professor with a great textbook!
Professor Landis is possibly the best professor that I've had, he's funny, his lectures are never boring, and you can tell that he really cares about the students.
Great lectures, easy to pay attention to, makes it very interesting, loves what he's doing.
Amazing teacher, super enthusiastic, can make anything interesting, I actually look forward to his lectures and his class. The textbook for CIE110 you use he rote himself, its like 15$, and one of the most interesting textbooks i've ever read
Eric Landis is a great professor. He's excited to teach class each day and always entertains. What's great about Landis is that he stays on topic well, but you'll rarely find yourself bored. The homework assignments can be difficult. Take advantage of the past exams he posts on FirstClass.
Energetic, friendly, knowledgeable, resourceful: really a fantastic person to learn from.
I'm pretty sure Landis can make anything seem interesting. He's so knowledgeable and extremely enthusiastic that classes are definitely interesting. He genuinely cares for his students.
I loved this class, purely because Landis is such a great professor. First off, he wrote the book for the class, and it was $10 to purchase. His classes follow the book, so attending isn't necessary, however he makes the class enjoyable and will give test questions and answers during classes to reward those who attend.
extremely excited about what hes teaching and loves what he does. hard homework grader but completely fair
Awsome professor! Always energetic while teaching and you can tell he loves his job. Hes never boring and hes a good teacher to have at 9 in the morning. Really nice guy too!
Always interesting
Great Professor
Awesome teacher
he is an awesome teacher!
AWESOME Professor--makes coffee every morning--energetic, helpful and cares about the students! :)
extremely engrossing giving lectures
Very Good, Very energetic.
wicked funny, easy to approach, and makes the subject interesting! : )
tons of energy, makes class interesting, and could never fall asleep in class
Definitly enthusiastic, great professor to have first year...with Will teaching labs it couldn't have been much better.
Landis rocks!
Very Energetic, makes class interesting
Great professor to have to introduce students to engineering
Excellent teacher, fun guy
Funny and a great teacher. Always ready with a dry witty comment. He's a wily cat
Nicest and most easy going teacher at Umaine! Made lectures fun with random pictures on his slides. His exams were brutal but overall an awsome professor!
Great guy. Very helpful, very knowledgable.
Very easy-going guy. Awesome teacher. Excited to have him again next semester!
Great Professor
Awesome guy
Will is just awesome. There just is no other way to put it. I will take any other class he teaches.
awesome
awesome teacher and advisor
this guy rocks, likes to joke around and is real laid back.
If u have a lab for materials, he is the best
Awesome teacher. Very helpful and not afraid to joke around.
He does an awesome job - and he cares
Simply the best professor for Calculus classes you can take, and even beyond that he would be my number 1 pick for a Mathematics class at UMaine. Just be there for classes and put in some work.
Paul Van Steenberghe is a great professor. The course was hard but not at all unreasonable. If you do all the homework you will be more than prepared for the exams. I found that the lectures were clear and always worth attending. If you put your best effort into this class Paul will go to the end of the earth to help you learn the material. A++
Paul is a great guy! You will learn more in his class than you would believe. He will put as much effort into teaching you as you put into his class. If you try hard this guy will definitely go the extra mile to make sure you succeed. Super cool prof, always willing to talk or answer questions. Will try to take him for the rest of my math reqs.
Paul is the man, I took all three calculus courses with him and he does a great job of explaining the subject. Tests are definitely tough, but as long as you pay attention in class and seek help if needed you should do fine. I wouldnt have taken them with anyone else
This guy is pretty crazy. He's a huge hippy and the leader of the solar car building group or whatever. He knows his**** and is a good teacher if you've never taken calculus because he'll teach you how to cut some corners. It is still math though so the tests and stuff are hard.
A overall good teacher. His tests are moderate and he gives a fair amount of homework but otherwise he's quite good. I like his style of teaching and he really helped me to understand the concepts. Take him if you really want to learn math.
very smart person and best math teacher i've ever had. he genuinely cares about whether or not you get it and knows how to explain things. always willing to help.
great teacher, knows his stuff and gets it across to his students as long as you do the homework as he assigns it you'll do great...
He's one of those teachers who really wants his students to learn.
Excellent teacher. Wants students to learn material, and learn it well.
Tough, but you learn a lot... hes a real cool guy too
Mary is the BEST. She's so sweet and cares about every single one of her students. I took histo with her and it's by far the best class I've ever taken. There's a lot of homework every week but her assignments are interesting. She teaches in a way where the students actually retain the information. Plus she brings cookies to every class.
Mary: Sweet, kind, and brilliant. Class: Interesting, thought provoking, useful in life. Definitely the best class I have ever taken. My time here wouldn't feel complete if I didn't get to take another one of her classes.
Mary is by far one of the best, if not the best, teacher I've ever had. She is the most helpful, understanding and caring professor I have ever met. She doesn't abide by the traditional stuffy rules of teaching and will accommodate you in any way possible when it comes to tests and assignments. The material is difficult but the class is a must.
One of the greatest classes and greatest professors here. She cares more about students learning than she does about grades and deadlines. Students are made to think for themselves. I only regret that I took this class my second year when I didn't have the background knowledge from other classes in order to fully appreciate what was being taught.
Truly one of the best teachers i have ever had. This professor is a credit to the university of maine. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to take a class she teaches
Mary is an excellent professor, I highly recommend her. Her class is my favorite that I've taken at UMaine.
Mary is the most helpful and enthusiastic professor that I've ever had. She makes boring subjects interesting and treats all of her students as if they are her own kids :) Definitely take a class from her if you can
I LOVE MARY! She is the best professor I've had, by far. I'm not even interested in the stuff she's talking about, but she really makes you want to learn and do well. I recommend this class to any bio major.
I love her to death. She has the sweetest personality and is willing to help out with any problems what so ever! She is also my advisor & she is the greatest!!!
Great instructor. Not only does she know what she is talking about, but she is truely passionate about the subject. She wants you to want to understand and come to your own ethical and moral conclusions regarding the subjects in question.
Mary is the best professor in all of UMaine!
Never met someone as passionate about their work and so willing to take the time to really teach others about it.
HUGE passion for teaching AND her students...a true rarity amongst college professors.....grasp any opportunity you can get to take a course with her! you wont regret it one bit! :)
I love Mary! The best at what she does.
she's the best-everyone know's that
Mary is amazing
Huge Passion for teaching.. Must Take !!! :-)
Great Prof. a must take
Mary is truly the best professor I've ever had!!
I can't believe that there are people who didn't enjoy Marcia's classes. When I was a student at UMaine, she was wonderful, open, honest, and fun. I learned a great deal from her. I wasn't a theater major either.
Paley is the best professor I've had at Swat so far. For the first time in my chemistry journey (starting from AP chem), I felt affirmed that I was capable. During lecture, he will often answer questions before they arise because he is so experienced. He answers emails almost instantly and will talk you through labs. He's also a great photographer
Love him. A TRUE TRUE LEGEND GENIUS
Paley is a boss. His class is extremely difficult, but he is a brilliant man and a better professor. Absolutely dedicated to his students' learning, he holds three question and answer sessions every week (most students attend at LEAST two).
Amazing lecture! But damn were some of his test difficult and the material daunting. But don't worry you'll get through it in one piece because Paley is going to teach you a lot and he is going to do it very well!
Incredibly clear at instruction. Very motivated to help students at whatever cost. Awesome during office hours, but even more so during lectures; hardly did he ever lose my attention all semester. Test questions do get you thinking but are not unsolvable. A staggeringly effective professor.
Really, really good.
Professor Paley is the clearest organic chemistry professor around, is extremely willing to help students at any time, and is one of the nicest guys to have in lab. He assigns hard problem sets which are never due, and gives extremely difficult exams. He is an amazing Organic Chemistry professor that caters to any student's needs.
He's a brilliant lecturer, and is always willing to answer questions outside of class.
He really knows the material and really cares about helping everyone. The class is difficult, but Paley is a great professor!
just have him for lab, but very helpful and has a great dog
orgo was never clearer!
-Lab matches what you learn In lecture -prepares you for upper levels of ERS -exams are straight forward -offers a review section before each exam where almost every exam question is talked about -follows the book well -makes lots of gneiss jokes -super friendly and always at his office hours
Dr. Lux is awesome. He is very funny and clearly knows so much about his subject. He is a people person and therefore knows how to stay engaging and help people out. His lectures and powerpoints are very helpful in that if you take down all the bulleted lists and points and make sure you understand them completely, you will ace the tests!
Show up to class, he loves pop-quizzes as a means of taking attendance. He likes it when students put work in, visit during office hours, and go to class, you'll do fine.
He's a dreamboat! The original 'rock jock'!!!
I failed two tests and still got an A, what can I say I love the guy
She is one of the best professors I've ever had, I took invertebrate biology with her and even though I'm not the biggest fan of bugs she made everything so cool and interesting, she is the best but I think she's retiring soon, so take her class before it's too late
Amazing professor, felt like I was riding the magic school bus all semester!
Rachel is the absolute best. She makes the material very interesting and is always willing to help. The class was super fun.
As Tina Turner says, simply the best. Not to mention HOT, in a cerebral way at least.
Amazing. That's all I have to say.
Wonderful professor! Wonderful person!
Best professor in UNH
This professor knows how to teach the perfect mix of "nuts and bolts" and "the big picture." Genuinely interested in students' ideas. Understands that not everything has "one answer." Challenges students to have original thoughts. Students never feel as though they are being "talked at." Interesting assignments. Highly recommended.
His networking class is far from overbearing and an excellent introduction to the world of networking.
Great prof. Very clear, very helpful. His lecture style gets everyone involved and makes you feel comfortable. One of the best at UNH.
Johnson is one of the most respected professors at UMF and is also one of the easiest; he assigns a lot of reading but you can get by w/skimming. He grades generously and though his lectures are standard and can be hard to understand bc of his soft voice, he is intellectual, theoretical and supports his students-- always willing to sponsor projects
Professor Johnson's classes are great. He's flexible throughout the semester and chooses content he's passionate about. His prompts are broad and he's a pretty relaxed grader. I've taken two of his classes and I liked both, I feel like I learned a lot.
Prof. Johnson is a very good teacher. His in-class activities are enjoyable and make for a lighter atmosphere. I really liked his class a lot.
Professor Johnson is awesome if you LISTEN TO HIM! His classes aren't difficult, and neither is the work, as long as you pay attention and go to class. He's extremely nice and understanding, especially with late work.
This class had a decent amount of notes due, but she gives you a manageable time to complete them. I missed about half this semester due to personal reasons, but Roxanne was very understanding/easy to work with as long as I communicated with her. She was also very forgiving on late assignments. Quizzes you were guaranteed an A (study guide).
Prof. Tuscany is a gem among the rest. She is open to dialogue and sees nuance in thought as a positive. I took her for an intensive 4 week this summer and it was truly engaging. I walked out of that class a changed person. Do the assignments (notes), prepare your speeches and stick to the outline. The rest is having fun and exchanging ideas.
Professor Tuscany is seriously amazing she was such a fun professor to be around and never made the 3 hour class boring. Time flys by in her class she really helps you with speaking and how to properly give a speech. She is so sweet. make sure to do your notes and prepare for the speeches which are simple just follow the outline. She is Amazing!!!!
Prof Tuscany is awesome!!! I have taken pretty much every single one of her classes, thats how awesome & easy she is! she wants students to pass and do well, thats her goal.. shes a gem out of all these professsors at grossmont wish they were all like her
Comm. 120 was very interesting. I enjoyed taking this course! I took this course during the summer which lasted about 4 week. Prof. Tuscany is great! I recommend you take this class.
Tuscany is the sweetest lady ever. Super nice, super understanding. She makes this class fun. You WONT regret taking her!!!!!
Ms. Tuscany is VERY passionate about communication. I took her during the summer for an intense 4 weeks, but I really enjoyed the class. Her grading consists of speeches, textbook notes, and critiques. She is very clear in her outline procedures for speeches. She gives good feedback and is very encouraging. I plan on taking her again.
Professor Tuscany was overall a very good and helpful teacher. Depending on your classmates her lectures can be either pain free or it could consist of a long argument. She often engaged students in off topic debate style conversations during lecture, which I found distracting and irritating. But she is very sweet, smart and helpful.
Roxanne Tuscany is a good teacher really passionate about her work, but her voice gets annnnnnoying and she thinks shes always right Just dont be an idiot and argue with her and youll get an A simple as that her testshw are sooo easy youd have to be dumb to fail easiest A youll receive just do your work and shell give you an A simple as that.
The best educator I have ever encountered, she changed my life around, she truly dedicates her time and the world is truly in dept to those who teach, I recommend to take her classes and she is my coach for speech and debate, she will change your life if you allow her to work with you, she deserves all the respect, the argumentation class is gr8!
Prof. Tuscany's class was great. The group fishbowls were fun, and by the end of the semester, it felt like the whole class had become friends. She is extremely knowledgable, organized, and a fair/easy grader. Just participate, and try your best.
she is the best teacher in grossmont college. everything was so organiz in her class that it made it fun to do the work and earn the points ( which there is not a lot of work to do).. she very funny when she is making the expressions of her students.. take her class she is the best.
DEFINETELY TAKE HER, IT IS SUCH AN EASY CLASS!MY ENG IS NOT ALL THAT AND I GOT AN "A".TAKE HER.
Excelent
pretty cool teacher. easy class. extra credit availabe. four quizes, do study guide and you will be fine.
Roxanne Tuscany is a great teacher.
She rocks. Plain and simple.
... agree with previous comment.
Nice lady. Class is fair because YOU decide how you should be graded. You are not compared to other students'efforts/awards. I have learned a lot from her. Everybody should take this class, even if you FEAR P. speaking! :) :)
Amazing Professor!! There is so much to learn from her. Easy "A" as long as you do all the work and participate. She is wonderful and full of ideas and opinions.
Awesome teacher, No tests or exams, just speaches and more speaches. Talk to your class mates, that will help you with your speaking in front. Do your home assignments, turn them in on time. Easy A.
what an incredible intercollegiate forensics instructor, i loved the showcase had a great time in forensics, think its about the dead, well think again.. Best instructor ever.. roxanne Tuscany take here..
A nice person, annoying voice, very long winded - but, hey - at least she cares about her students and forensics. All in all a great teacher.
Really understanding lady with grace. Very clear on what needs to be done. If you do it......easy A. Just wants you to learn the material and makes it fun.
I have a graduate degree. I went to gcc, sdsu and usd. Dr newkirks physiological psychology class was a tough class; 3rd toughest class I had ever taken. When I signed up for the class a counselor told me he teaches that class like its a graduate school class and indeed he does. I was and am appreciative to him for having high expectations.
Dr.Newkirk is an outstanding professor. He truly cares about students learning the material. His course is difficult, but he is always available if you need help. I think the same few students are rating him poorly over and over. How can he have so many ratings in comparison to all other teachers??? I know many who enjoy his classes.
Dr. Newkirk is the best teacher I have ever had. He actually cares about students learning the material & prepares us to transfer. I went to SDSU after taking 3 classes with him & did very well thanks to him. He is wonderful & only people who want to have a grade handed to them complain. He treated everyone with respect. He made me a psych major.
I don't understand why students are so harsh in rating Dr. Newkirk which is an excellent professor.His lectures are very interesting and clear. Dr. Newkirk is strict but I found his attitude normal. I was very surprised when I read the rating. He's always willing to help the students. I am taking his class; Iwish I could take more classes with him.
Dr. Newkirk is a college level professor, if you approach his class with a high-school mentality then all of the above comments are true. However, if you want to take a challenging class from an amazingly knowledgeable instructer, Newkirk is your guy. I met with him during his office hours and he's a great guy, really wants his students to do well.
I LOVE Dr. Newkirk! He is incredibly intelligent and cares about his students. I think that there are a few people that are rating him over and over in a negative way. I never heard him be rude to a student in class and I took more than 1 class from him. It is definitely a challenging class, but so worth it if you want to learn about psychology
Dr. Newkirk is a good teacher no matter what people say he is very interested in his students and wants to help them. People need to just relax and remember that they are in college now cause at the end of the day the hwk needs to get done anyways so deal with it....
I loved him! He is so amazingly intelligent and incredibly helpful. You just need to ask questions or go to office hours and he will be more than happy to help. I learned so much from his class and decided to become a psych major! He is great!
Wants everyone to do well. Expect to do alot of reading. Know your vocab. and things will be fine. Don't get caught up in all the whining about how hard it is.
Dont ****. the info is in the book, if you read it you'll do fine. to many people expect the teacher to do the work for you. very clear and to the point.
Dr. Newkirk is a very respectable person. I like the way he teaches, it is very clear and informative. His exams are easy, if you study, but it is a competitive class. To pass this class you need to study. Hey but that's what we are here for. Props.
I just learned that Harry Mccune passed away in 2013. This man was amazing, and back in the 1990s he taught me to be passionate about Philosophy--ultimately this prof led me to pursue a PhD. I am profoundly sad that he's gone, but I will always remember him... and I will live by his wise words: "showing up is 80% of life."
COOLEST TEACHER EVER! He can be dry at times but at others he is funnier than Hell! If Allah wills it I hope he will still be teaching for a long while so I can take all his classes! teehee
He is the greatest professor of all time! I learned so much from the man. Not just a teacher, but a spiritual guru. A must take for anyone, and everyone!
McCune is by far one of the greatest instructors I have had in the philosophy department ever. He is getting up there in age, so expecting a Hitler style lecture shouldn't be in mind. He knows a lot. He was not biased. His work is great. Unlike professor Mules here at Grossmont he doesn't restrict your papers to non-open mindedness.
He is one of the best teachers at grossmont. No tests or No quizes in class. you need to turn in a few papers including for the final.If you do fine on the papers, easy A..
I love this guy and wish he were my dad. Best teacher ever. Requires thinking instead of regurgitating. Although, he does have it bad for Sophai Loren.
I like him. His class is fun. You'll lean a lot of stuff other than just what's in the book. He doesn't like religion, christians, saints, etc.. It's a funny class. He gives you a lot to think about. Good class overall and he gives take home essays for exams.
you people seriously suck. harry mccune is amazing.
Harry is a great teacher, and the reason I am a philosophy grad student. For those of you who don't like him I believe you suffer from one of two problems: 1. You are not prepared for college level philosophy or 2. you don't agree with him. If it is the latter, good luck, as all professors at the university will likely share his demenor.
hes great. and understanding
University-level instruction. Yes, you need to be self-motivated; he will not babysit you. He challenges/makes you question what you believe and why--unfortunately, some can't handle it. There the ones who voted for Bush.
Harry McCune is the reason I am a philosophy grad student. He's an amazing guy, if you get to know him, and he shows a vast command of the material being covered. And if you are a Christian, and can't take critisim of your religion, stay away from secular universities.
McCune's class was very interesting; I learned a lot. He doesn't 'dumb it down' to the least common denominator - which is refreshing.
I have an I.Q of 185 and certainly did not have a problem with this instructor. Quite frankly, Harry outclassed me, yes me on wit! Oh Harry what a hipster. Grossmonts answers to Bertrand Russell but a passive one at that. If you take this class Bon Appetite!
People who complain about this teacher are complete morons. He is very easy to talk to and packed full of knowledge. You will find this to be a very good class if your IQ is over 3.
He is perhaps the best teacher one could ask for. If one seems to fall asleep during his class then perhaps a job at McDonalds might do them well.
This guy shares the coolest teacher at grossmont college award with Beach. Harry is one of the funniest crotchety old men you will ever come in contact with... I've aced the 4 classes that i've taken with him. His test questions are great...
McCune does not fit easily into the rating system, his classes aren't actually the easiest, McCune is not always the most helpful, and he certainly isn't clear always. He is the best teacher on campus though, and why I am a philosophy major now...
This guy is the best. He is hilarious- tongue perminately in cheak, refreshing break form dry stale teachers who have no flare. Ask him if he's hooked up with Sophia Lauren yet.
This man is GOD!!!! Or at least my GOD!!! He is very great teacher, and an easy class to listen to, but hard to comprehend. If you have any more questions about taking this class, ask the I ching!!!!! Love ya Harry!
you wont regret taking mccune
Very easy and fair. Only have 4 take home essays. Crazy but interesting.
Knowledgable and fair very easy
TAKE HIM
great class, super easy, 3 essays, no tests, fun slides
Really great professor. Really chill guy. Gives practice tests and the tests are easy id you do the homework. Great class. Would defiantly take him again.
He's great. And he let us out early a lot
great teacher! I highly recommended him.
I love this teacher. He is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He teaches the way I learn, and will stay after class to help you if neccessary. Class always got out early for me. I begged him to teach 175 this semester, but he was already teaching 178. If he has a class available take it. If you don't do you work. . . don't take math.
Best math teacher ever.very organized, goes over hmwk for about 30min then goes over new chapters, then your free to leave. always got out early. he always stayed after class if u had q's. gives pre-tests so you no what 2 expect on the real test. no extra credit but grades on a curve and u get 2 use 1 page of notes 4 the tests. wish i had him again
I really like how mr.r taught.he explains everything very thorough. He answers every question no matter how many times you ask.he teaches on a good pace and stays organized and on schedule.however,he doesnt give any extra credit. he stays after class if anyone needs help even if your the only one.his tests are simple if you study and pay attention!
Great Teacher
Ridgeway is a pretty good teacher. He's helpful. The tests were kind of hard. Definately knows his stuff. He is also really funny.
great teacher
The only professor to take Macro Theory with imo. Fantastic lectures, somewhat tough grading on exams (esp. the final). Make sure to actually read the textbook. Just note that although he's pretty much always willing to help, he's a very blunt person.
An amazing econ teacher; tough, but very good
Awsome, smart as hell, but great teacher
He's my favorite math professor here at SMC. He really cares and enjoys teaching Trig and will answer any questions you have. His quizzes can be tough, but he gives ample time to do them and they help you understand the material better. You have less time to do the tests, but if you understand the material on the quizzes, you should be fine.
Hes awesome. This class was real easy for me. He has small tests every class day however I found this to be very helpful because his exams mimic the tests. If you are on top of it and do the homework assigned (however you dont need turn it in) you will do well in the class. He is also a very funny guy.
Jimenez is both hilariously serious and extremely knowledgable. The way he teaches math is a an analogical synthesis of all previous maths so it looks like magic during his lectures. He has the ability to be intensely harsh, but he really empowers the students to learn their stuff. The short quizzes are perfect study guides for the tests
The guy is a dope teacher. Math is a hard subject it's meant to kick your ass so this class will be hard no matter what. But this professor will help you if you help yourself, do all homework and the harder problems at the end of homework you should try to learn at his office hours as those will be complex enough to make it to the exam.
Professor Jimenez is fantastic! I loved taking his Pre-Calculus class in Fall '17. His lectures are excellent and he has a great sense of humor. Very clear syllabus. There was a replacement exam at the end of the semester; the score received on it could be substituted for the lowest exam score. I really hope I can take him again!
Homework is not mandatory, but you should do everyday. If you do, you can get A super easily.
If you do homework, you can get A.
The best calculus class !!!! The best Professor ! It is the calculus class!! Study and review all semester not to forget materials !!! (never skip homework questions/ always review the materials)Ask your question to him! He is very helpful, very patient! Always he has very clear explanation! All time he is happy to help!I loved his class a lot!
math 8 cannot be great without him! Very clear notes, explanation, (also he present summarizes for each chapters)a lot of quizzes prepare to the tests &help to understand the materials. if you really study/do/understand homework questions, listen the class carefully& ask the questions. Very helpful, friendly Prof! Amazing teaching ! Amazing class!
He's a fair teacher. Sarcastic/dry humor. No partial credit on quizzes/tests. But the quizzes/tests are very easy, IF YOU STUDY AND DO YOUR HW like a STUDENT should! Playtime can come after. A few of the EASY hw questions are on the quiz and the test is very similar to the quiz and PLEASE read the questions CAREFULLY. So go figure.
I really grew to appreciate Prof. Jimenez throughout the semester. He genuinely cares about what his work, extremely clear lectures,daily quizzes,exam for every chapter which is great in my opinion, and he is willing to spend the entire lecture going over hw questions for u to succeed. Take him you won't regret it! But don't slack!
Very helpful teacher! Every time I needed help he would care enough to stay a couple minutes after class and help me. He posts grades up in the classroom so that we know exactly what grade we are receiving. The lectures are organized and he very clear. THERE ARE QUIZZES EVERY DAY!!! NEVER BE LATE OR ABSENT!!!
He is a super cool teacher. He explains things clear. He might look a little intimidating in the beginning, but he is always good and open to help students. Some students want the easy A without working hard. Professor Jimenez will not curve your grade which is a good thing because you will earn what you deserve. Overall, best math professor at SMC
Took winter session course and got a B with very little effort. Could have easily gotten an A, but you actually have to study a bit for that. He gives a lot of quizzes with almost exact same questions used for exams. Use them. Seriously. Take advantage of going over hw. Oh, and don't miss class. He's not too cool with it. Pretty funny guy too.
I took his Finite Math class and completed it very recently. I got a B in his class. He's excellent at elucidating the subject matter and does a great job of preparing you for his exams. He has you do quizzes nearly every class session. Use them to study for the exams. They helped me so much. He's a really cool guy. Take him. You won't regret it.
One of the greatest professors I've ever had. Made mathematics fun to learn.
Jimenez best math professor at smc. He is very helpful and clear when it comes to his lectures. I highly recommend this professor for any math. Too bad he doesn't teach math 20 :/
Prof. Jimenez is the best math teacher I've ever had. He goes over any questions you have from the hw and teaches you the most efficient way of solving the problems. If you ever need extra help go to his office hours. During one on ones he is incredibly patient so you can learn the material. His tests are straight forward as long as you do the hw,
took summer course, got an A. Awesome teacher, really flexible all youhave to do is try. go to class on time. re-do quizzes for tests. Quiz and test questions are way more simple and easier than the hw problems in the book. He goes over the hw.
Hands down.. must take Jimenez! Not going to lie your going to have to do the homework thats the key to acing his class. He has daily quizzes which helps you prepare for his tests. His tests are super straightforward if you do the homework and redo all your quizzes your set. He knows what he's doing. Def going to Take him again for math 8.
good teacher, pretty chill, just wants his students to show up for class i think. he doesnt mind answering questions during class and at least one day a week youll get out early.
Great teacher! I took him for winter session & did pretty well considering that i hadnt taken math in over a year. Great at lectures & explaining problems step-by-step. Loved him! :D
Mr. Jimnez is the sweetest man EVER! + a great professor. He is always willing to help if you show interest. He doesn't collect homework, however he expects you to practice and study. He is really clear and funny too. Take him, u won't regret it ;)
I took prof. jimenez last summer for finite mathematics. he didn't seem really enthusiastic, but was clear and answered qestions. hw isn't mandatory, Gave out quizzes daily, but they really helped. dropped people with lots of absences/tardies. he usually released the two hour class an hour or more early and curves grades, higher and lower.
Best teacher ever! He is strict but really fair if you work hard. He made me passionate about math and I really hate math. If you like a hard but fair teacher he is your best bet. He gives quizzes every class but they end up being great study guides for the exams. He does not tolerate lazy students tho.
I took him for stats, which i had taken before and didnt pass. Math is not my subject, but he made so understandable! He is a great prof. Tells it like it is and helps on everything.he's great to talk to too. He tries he's best to teach his students everything but in terms they an understand. take his class!
A great teacher with a great strategy in teaching mathematics. Not only Calc1, but also Calc2. Great one, take him.
He's not the BEST math teacher out there, however he does a very good job preparing you for exams. He doesn't show all of his work during lectures so you have to do homework or at leat redo your quizzes for practice. Not a hard class in retrospect.
Professor Jimendez has designed the class so that all you have to do is your homework so you can pass your quizzes, and once you pass the quizzes the tests are just like the quizzes and you are sure to pass the class like how I did. Great teacher I definitely recommend him.
this is the best professor ive ever had. extremely clear and very very helpful i loved him and i hate math with a passion
Jimenez is a great prof. i took him for math 84 and i learned soo much!I am horrible in math but he explains everything clearly. we have quizzes everyday but theyre helpful & get u prepared for the tests.I am now takin him for 31 & even tho im not a good math person, i am doing good in the class. he's the best math teacher I've ever had!!
Professor Jimenez is one of the best Math teachers at SMC. You will learn alot in his class. Its not an easy class and he will make you work for your grade but because of his class I am ahead in my Math 20 class. Green is a cool guy but if you want to really learn something take Jimenez!
Best Math teacher ever! His lessons are straight forward & crystal clear. The quizzes are from the previous lesson/notes. The exams straight from the quizzes. He answers any HW questions. So if u didn't pass its ur OWN fault. If you want an A get 90%;80%for a B & so on. He can sound mean, but it is called sarcasm! This is college,not high school.
Professor Jimenez is the best!!! Math was confusing and difficult, now it is simple and understandable. Hoestly, the people who failed are the ones who didn't do their hw. I always did my hw and got an A. I would take him for all math classes if I could. I would say half the class failed, and it wasn't the professors fault. Absolutley the BEST!!!
I had this professor for Geometry. If your a lazy student you will never pass this class. If your planning to major in Engineering, this professor will teach you discipline. Yes, he wants the right answer and he expects you to write everything correctly. As long as you do your work, you will pass the class. He is very organize in his lessons.
I have taken 3 of his classes? Why becuase he is the BEST math teacher. He explains everything better than the textbooks. He is very helpful, you can ask him questions before and after class, you get credit for showing your work on the exams. If you want the A you have to earn it!
Mr. Jimenez is such a great professor! He really knows Math and knows how to teach his students. I like this professor so much. He is super helpful. His exams are not that hard, just pay attention to class and his notes and you will be fine. Highly recommended!!!!!
He is a very good teacher only because his lectures are clear and he keeps you on your toes waiting for a quiz. Every day he says "PREPARE for a quiz tomorrow" but you might or might not get one. very straight forward, must attend class otherwise you get dropped. I would take him for all my math classes if I could.
Great teacher and very easy. Doesn't drop any tests or quizes, but gives enough of them that your grade never depends on just one. He was made fun of the way I speak once, though, and it made me very upset. I don't like his personality or his sense of humor. Still, though, I would take his class again. He's a good teacher.
good teacher. If you want to learn take him. NO BS out of him. He's Clear and Helpful. Makes you want to come to class and learn.
Although he does not collect it, Do the homework! and you'll be fine. Also ask questions when he asks about the prior day's HW. Easy B. Don't know why so many people are failing. He is also very strict on attendance, he will drop you in a heartbeat and won't let you know, letting you find out on your own when the semester is over.
He is really good at teaching. If you don't understand the subject he'll work with you and do examples with you. Don't have to turn in HW but it is recommended to do it so that it's easier to learn the subject.
I really satisfied taking his class before. One of thing is so excited, he loves sports so much especially Lakers. Dude, what are u waiting for? Even some dummy bud drop the class, you should not care about that. Then you might be get a A, seriously.
if you are aweful at math i wouldn't recommend him. if you're okay at math he's your man. he explains things very quickly, but if you can keep up he's great. though i hated having to take this class, i thought it was a great learning experience.
The best math professor ever! He prepares you for Calculus very well! if you want an easy A don't take him! However if you want to really learn math and you are heading to math 7 and 8, take him! His lectures are very clear. If you are confused he will go over the material with you at your own pace.
the bes teacher i hav ever had ... he is really nice helpful and funny.... i really recommened u to take his class...
This guy is good at teaching and loves what he does. I hated taking a quiz every day but you get used to it. The best advice I can give you is to go to class, listen, take notes.
BEST teacher I have taken at SMC. Knows all the material and teaches some methods that are clearer and better than the book's. Everyday quizzes are easy if you take notes and do the homework. There are no surprises on the tests. If you don't understand something, he is very approachable and willing to help you. TAKE PROFESSOR JIMENEZ'S CLASS!!
This professor is amazing. He's very clear about what he expects from his students, and his quizes are invaluble for his exams. His math 2 class is very straight forward, math 7 and 8 require more study to do well in, but there is no reason you should not get at least a "B" if you put forward effort worthy of a higher math class. Take him.
Excellent professor and great human being. May come off as strict or intimidating at first but he's soft inside. Quizzes almost every day but they are extremely helpful for exams. Very fair grading and very clear lectures. By far one of the best calculus professors on campus. Highly recommended.
BEST TEACHER EVER! I was not so good in math and because of him I totally understand math. I recommend him to anyone struggling with math cause he will make everything very clear and understandable. He is truely the best teacher I have ever had in SMC. He knows what he is talking about and he really cares. Just do the he and youll be fine.
oh my God, he is the best professor ever, he knows how to teach and he doesn't go beyond the things that u need to learn and make u confuse. he is such a gentelman, nice and helpful. just take the class with him.
This teacher is just awesome! Very very helpful, clearly describes specifically what work needs to be done and how to do them. This class will be hard if you don't do your homework, so make sure you DO THE HOMEWORK and you'll do just fine. He's very understading, and has a great sense of humor. Just Excellent!
hi is a wonderful teacher.
Prof. Jimenez is just awesome! He's a great teacher. So far I've taken him for all my math classes. The daily quizzes sound like a pain but they're actually helpful because he reviews step by step and if you study them for the tests then I guarantee an A or B. He's laid back and very funny and he knows his stuff. Just pay attention and u'll do good
He really takes his time explaining things. Be sure do redo the quizzes and you will do good on the test. If he sees that your trying he will give you the higher grade. just be on his good side. don't be late to class
he is a great teacher he is not easy but he explains everything step by step and makes the subject easy execelent teacher highly recommended
Took him for both Math 2 and 7. Very good teacher that makes math easy to understand. Study hard and you will do well. Be sure to be on his good side.
he is a very interesting teacher, he just doesnt teach out of the book so he can bore you to death, and her throws in a little comedy
Teaches you shortcuts without compromising the foundations of what you need to know. Very clear, explains things step-by-step, funny and self-deprecating, very helpful. Sometimes he can come across as sarcastic, but he's not mean or callous at all. All are openly welcome in his office hours and math lab hours for tutoring and help!
He knows his****,& doesn't try to make it confusing. He is as straightforward as possible. There was HW and quizes everyday, but each quiz is worth less than 0.5%, so if you mess up on a few it's no big deal. Don't try and play games or kiss ass and you'll be fine. Plus he's sarcastic and funny
He is pretty fair on his test the questions usually come from his quizes and lectures. He is very cocky so dont get on his bad side. Very nice guy and will help you with any quetions you have quizes everyday that helps a lot if you are willing to study a lot and be active you should be fine noteasy
If you have a decent grasp of math concepts (you're not a total math dummy) & you do the homework, you will excell (just watch those trick ?s!). Ben explains things clearly & thoroughly, but if you're not math-minded, take Terry Green or another user-friendly teacher. Me? I'm taking Ben for Math 20!
Don't be fooled by negative comments by lazy students. If you are paying attention his lectures are extremeley clear. He is the only math teacher i've had who doesn't make math harder by giving you a bunch of extra information or going off on meaningless tangents. I hated math until I took his class
Jimenez was the first math teacher I took where I actually learned and retained the material. He has a very straightforward way of teaching and presents the info with style. Great professor.
Good teacher and his daily quizzes prepare you for the tests. hes too strict to following the syllabus, when he falls a day behind he pushes to catch up. but hes nice! not an easy A, u need to push
I am Professor Jimenez's most loyal, devoted student. He is ever so dynamic and thorough & the guy has a big heart. His daily quizzes prepare all students for his challenging exams. I started out in his Elem. Alg. & will stick with him thru pre-calc++
Jimenez is the best math profesor. I took him in the summer 2004 and he was very helpful and nice. He explains the material very good. You would definetely learn in his class. He gives you a quiz every day and they were helpful.
He is a very good teacher. If you go to class, his lectures will basically feed you the answers to the test or quiz. He is one of the best.
Take him. youll understand math like 1+1=2 Thats all i have to say.
he is one of the best math professors of SMC. recommended to take him. not that hard but if you just study a bit a day you'll get a definate A grade!!! take him!!
He is the greatest! He is understanding, and a excellent teacher. You will learn math in his class. He explains things very well.
Great teacher!!! Although sometimes his dry sarcastic humor gets in the way of teaching. Overall he does a great in explaining the material.
Really great professor! Took 3 classes with him. Very clear and organized lectures. Great sense of humor too!! Exams are not easy, and you have graded quizzes every class meeting.
read the book, study for the tests and enjoy the lectures
He's a very helpful teacher you should take his class
major hottie
he is a very helpful teacher & explains things very well
funny guy
best calculus teacher i've ever had
Contrary to what others are saying, I thoroughly enjoyed Batuski's class. It was very clear to me what was expected to be done. The exams are proctored. He graded on a curve. He seemed really excited about astronomy. I watched his lectures at 1.8 speed, which cut the total lecture time dramatically.
Batuski was great! If you go to lectures, pay attention, take good notes, and stay on top of the weekly quizzes, it's not bad. Free Study guides on quizlet which make the prelims not that bad-- as long as you actually study. YOU DO NOT NEED TO BUY THE ASTRONOTES workbook!!! Waste of money if you're good at taking notes, could be helpful otherwise.
I took AST 109 online and it is very easy. All of the homework can be found on quizlet with the exact questions and answers. The tests are basically the same questions as the homework. You do need to show up for tests and answer questions on the video quizzes. I never used my textbook astronotes or actually watched a lecture and passed. Use quizlet
Very easy, interesting online class. The lectures are worthwhile and he's excited about the material.
Great Professor. Nice person. Full of knowledge and wants you to succeed. Skip the tex book and make sure you get the notebook. Take great notes and pay attention to the lectures and reviews and you'll do great!
everything is there for you to succeed. i just finished my final and i didnt get one grade below a 95. and I am by no means a genius. people were complaining about getting 50s and 60s on their tests and then said that they hadn't listened to any of the lessons besides the introductory lesson. trust me. put the time in and youll succeed.
Advice: attend class, take notes, complete weekly quizzes and you'll do just fine. Batuski is very approachable and will help you with anything. Study those constellations!
Very...umm...interesting
t
Brilliant, funny, friendly guy who breaks down complex concepts for laymen like myself. Enjoyable class where learning is constantly encouraged.
pretty cool guy, knows what he is talking about, dont expect an easy ride though
Nice guy, a little boring but not too bad. Tests are a little tough but he's very helpful, and yeah class usually runs late.
I love Professor Burnes! She is an amazing teacher. And she really cares about and knows every. single. student. Her 1-on-1 meetings are so helpful and fun! Highly recommend her classes.
Very good English prof. She wants all of her students to improve their writing. Chose her because of positive reviews on this site. Highly recommended.
Pat subbed for my professor the last monday of every month and I absolutely LOVED her, though in comparison to my regular prof. not exactly a challenge, but Pat made class so much fun and really explained things very well.
Pat is absolutely amazing. She replies to emails within minutes (even late at night!), and is extremely, extremely helpful. She is also very knowledgeable about composition. Try to get Pat as a professor.
Awesome professor. Very helpful and very nice person. I really enjoyed class with her. I would take another class with her any time.
Pat is probably the best person ever. She is kind, helpful, dilligent, and generous. She is an invaluable asset to the university. She is always willing to talk to students and help with anything you might need.
She's a really nice teacher that's really easy and understanding. She let me place out after about 5 weeks, which was really nice. I recommend her highly.
Very helpful, Tries her very hardest to make sure you do well. My writing has improved a LOT since I started that class.
Amazing teacher! She really cares about how you do in her class. She is very passionate about the subject and will always be willing to help you out. My writing improved so much over the course of her class.
Such a sweet person. Really wants you to help you do well.
Is very fair with grading and is always eager to help out.
AWESOME
Great professor, easy to talk to, very helpful.
outstanding professor. very friendly too!
A fantastic professor.
Great professor, knows her subject matter and offers plenty of scenarios to apply to terms and disorders which make it easier to understand. Has a great sense of humor and lectures are interesting. Exams are straight forward and fair.
The first few weeks of this class I was absolutely terrified of this man. He singled people out in class and if you weren't prepared you were screwed. After getting over that though Gentry very quickly became my favorite teacher of all time. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to do well. You have to do the work but a great prof.
This guy may be one of my favorite professors. Hes funny and engaging. Don't take his class if you dont like being singled out in class though.
i liked him just fine. its an easy class if you do the work
Tisher continues to be an amazing professor that pushes her students to be better. She is very fair and logical with her grades, which can be frustrating for you but is refreshing because not many do this. Her grading is true to your work, so dont expect an A if you haven't put the effort in. Hilariously funny when she doesnt know it. Easy class.
Tough grader, but honestly the feedback she gives on your essays is amazing. She is one of the only Honors professors I've had that writes all over your essays. Do the play, do the rewrites, and you'll do fine. Also, she forces people to participate. So read the books and don't worry if you're too shy to raise your hand.
She is an awesome professor. If you want an A you really have to work for it, but when you get it, it is the best feeling ever. She is very interesting, you need to talk in her class, but as long as you contribute some ideas it is fine.
Sharon is a top-notch professor. She will meet you halfway, but she expects you to do the same. She's tough but fair and rewards work. If you put in the work throughout and participate it's an easy A, if not be prepared to get called out by both her and your classmates! She's one of the very best!
Professor Tisher is an incredible person and educator. Her classes are worth attending. Anyone would be the better for knowing Sharon.
Great professor! It is true that you have to work a little harder but her classes are very interesting and interactive! She knows her stuff and makes class worth attending! She gives plenty of feedback, takes time to help you improve your writing, and yes, an A is possible in her class. My entire class loved her.
Very cool class. Lot's of fun.
She is awesome 3 exam supper easy. cooperate with student. Love the energy.
very well read/ knows a lot about her chosen topic /good lectures/ watched movies/three main exams/reading from txtbook and novels/taking another class of hers next semester
Great professor! I obtained my Bachelor's in Psychology with a minor in Sociology. Professor Marrone really had me gain interest in Sociology. I contacted her a few months later asking if she can write me a letter of recommendation for my MSW, which she had no problem doing. I highly recommend taking her class, you will learn a lot!
This class is incredibly interesting. We got assigned a lot of materials to keep up with on our own time but most of them were really interesting. The lectures were a little hard to sit through because she doesn't have a PowerPoint but besides that, this is definitely a class worth taking.
Take her!!! She's amazing I've taken 3 classes with her already and when I tell her she's the best she IS THE BEST!!! I'm going to miss her but seriously this class is not stressful and she is the sweetest and loves what she does.
Shes so caring when it comes to her students. She truly wants all her students to succeed. She is quick at answering emails, and really isnt a tough grader as some professors. I enjoyed her class and learned a lot from it. The tests can be a little difficult but the writing assignments helps your score if you struggle on any of the exams.
She is an awesome professor!!! Interesting lectures, caring, the essays are pretty fair. She also gives extra credit. If you need a sociology class, I highly recommend her. Love her & her class.
Amazing professor! Truly cares about her students! Easy A!
both classes were super easy and the material is interesting and informative. professor Marrone is extremely caring and understanding. Definitely take notes and understand the readings because that's what the exams is based off of. thankfully the information is not hard at all. extra credit opinion paper worth up to 8 points on your final grade.
Attend class, pay attention and take good notes and you can cram the night before the exam and do great on them. I've taken 340, 200 and now 339 with her and received an A each time. Just go to class and pay attention and you can get a B easy, but to get that A you've at least got to read 70% or more of the readings. Which can be done in a day.
Ive been to a few colleges as a senior at this point, and Professor Marrone has been simply the best professor Ive ever had. She is so sweet, kind, understanding, and just has a great method of teaching; from films, lectures, and guest speakers. The exams are fair and she holds review sessions with the TAs. Make sure you take this class, amazing
I can honestly say Im going to miss this class a lot. She is such a caring and inspirational professor, and very knowledgeable in what she teaches. Her lectures are very interesting and makes the class go by fast. I found the class to be easy as long as you show up to class, take notes and do the readings. Shes one of the best at SB!
This was the best professor I have ever had. The class does have a lot of readings and guest speakers so it is good to go to class, but she offers to much extra credit that it makes it easy to get at least a B in the class without even trying. If you go to class and read to readings this class is an easy A!
One of the best at Stony Brook through my 4+ years here. Sociology is my minor, so 1 of her 2 classes was required, but I took the other course the very next semester my experience was so great. Fair grader, just a few tests, very funny and relaxed, and makes a 1 class/3hr go by quick. She responds to emails quickly and is very kind. TAKE HER!
Reading the articles and textbook is important in order to do good on the exams. She can get VERY specific on tests. Also lectures are important because the other half of the test is her lecture as well as the films/documentaries we watch. But otherwise she's great. This was a 3hrs class that ran until 10 pm and made it doable.
amazing professor. if you don't like reading I don't recommend taking this class. There's usually at LEAST 2 books you have to buy for the class and you get tested on specific details in the readings as well as details from what she says in the lectures. reading and attending lecture is 100% necessary to do well in the class. She does curve tests
She is an amazing professor. This class does have a lot of readings, but if you do them you are golden. Even if you don't do great on your tests she gives you extra credit at the end of the semester that can be worth up to eight points. She even holds make up exams. If you need to talk to her about anything she is always nice out it!
Hands down the best professor I've ever had at Stony Brook. It's clear that she's really passionate about teaching and is genuinely one of the most approachable professors I've ever met. She makes topics that are already interesting even better, if I could take every class with her on my schedule, I would.
One of my favorite classes and hands down THE best professor in Stony Brook!!! Took her twice and still gonna take her two more classes of hers. This winter class is easy and inspirational! She is as considerate and caring as you can possibly imagine.
I took it in the fall and I instantly fell in love with it. Professor Marrone is hands down my favorite professor in Stony Brook! She really cares about you and she gives individual care and attention. The class itself is inspirational and insightful. Do participate! It's fun! Literally can't say enough how much me along with my friends love her!!!
Very interesting and fun class. She has a lot of guest speakers and movies which makes the three hour class bearable. There are a lot of readings but they are all pretty interesting. She gives a really easy extra credit essay that helps you out a lot. Tests can be a little overwhelming but if you know the material you'll be fine.
Professor Marrone is incredible! I only had her once a week so attendance was definitely mandatory but she made the lectures interesting and there are plenty of films. Tests were straight from lecture and the textbook (make sure you keep up with readings because it's A LOT). I would definitely take her class again.
Marrone is perhaps one of the best professors at Stony Brook - trust me, I know a lot of them! Take this class and participate, you wont regret it. You can tell she genuinely cares for her students.
She is one of the best professors in the nation for a reason. Take this class for STAS requirement this class is so interesting. Don't expect an easy A. Take a lot of notes because she literally puts things on the test directly quoted from class. notes notes notes. You wont do well on the test unless you buy the book. Attend review sessions is key
Dr. Marrone is simply amazing!
Dr. Marrone is one of the best professors I've ever had. Sociology of human reproduction is a long class since it's once a week but she makes it so enjoyable. She is caring, compassionate, shows interesting films and has speakers come to class.
Amazing professor! I would take another class with her. Keeps students engaged and interested.
This is my third course with Professor Marrone and after every class I just love her more and more! She genuinely cares about her students and respects everyone of them. She is adorable and funny. I recommend taking any of her classes! Textbooks are a must though and be ready to read a lot in her courses, but I think it is worth it!
Amazing professor and this class is SO easy. You honestly do not have to read anything and attend/ pay attention in lecture 70% of the time and you will get a B+. For a A- or A+ I would say actually read what she assigns and go to every lecture. Easiest class!!!
She is AMAZING!! She is very fair when it comes to grading. The test in her class are multiple choices.
Dr. Marrone is one of the sweetest professor I've encountered. REALLY wants her students to do well, no powerpoints/notes, so attendance matters. Makes the class interesting, lots of reading involved. Offers an extra credit essay. Tests can be a little confused, lots of T/F based on readings. Put in effort and you'll get an A.
Best professor at Stony Brook. Interesting material that she brings to life through her lectures. Lots of reading, but interesting readings. She put together the textbook herself. This class made me change majors. Not the easiest class in terms of tests
Probably one of the best professors I have had at SBU. She really cares about her students and is always available through email. She is very understanding and accommodating when it comes to make up exams. Read her readings carefully, go to class, participate and take notes. The exams were a bit difficult but very fair.
My favorite professor at Stony Brook by far! Lecture wasn't mandatory but she made it fun and interesting. Very clear about things and used a lot of videos and relevant current issues to help explain. If you go to lecture and pay attention you won't need to do too much reading. Hoping to take more classes with her!
Amazing amazing amazing.
Catherine Marrone is hands down my favorite professor at SBU. She's so sweet, she's funny, the class was incredibly interesting, the material wasn't too bad. There was a lot of readings but honestly if you just skim them before the test and get an idea of what they are about, you will be fine!
Amazing professor! Taking her class pushed me to add sociology as a second major! You do have to do a lot of reading, watch the movies she shows in class ( some are on Netflix) and go to class. She has asked very specific questions on the tests on specific comments mentioned during class on her tests! She does give extra credit, she's helpful!
My favorite professor at SBU, she's all around an amazing person. She's so passionate and knowledgeable about her classs and the reading selections she picks are great. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you want an A, it is. I can't wait to take a future class with her, shes' one of the highlights of the sociology department and the entire school.
She is an incredible professor. She is such a hard worker and is always on top of her game. She is unlike any other professor. Her tests are not as easy as I had thought they were going to be, but her lectures are amazing. Try to sit in front of the lecture and listen. She also offers extra credit which was such a grade booster. highly reccommend
Do yourself a favor and take this winter session class. It is by far my favorite class I've ever taken at SBU. There's quite a few readings, but they're all interesting. Lectures and movies are outstanding. You actually want to go to class. It is an easy A because of how interesting and captivating it is. 2 short writings, 1 4pg paper, 1 exam
All in all, Professor Marrone is an outstanding teacher. I will not mislead anyone and say that this is an easy A. It is very possible to get an A, but you need to attend class and at least attempt to get the gist of the readings. If you do that, you will be fine. She wants you to do well, and you can tell.
I took this as a DEC H and I'm glad I chose this class. Professor Marrone makes the 3 hour lecture bearable, which is quite the difficult task. There is a lot of required reading, but we watch movies in class a lot too. There's also a extra credit essay at the end of the semester. Overall, very fair and interesting course. I recommend it.
Cathy Marrone is the nicest professor ever. She's also really into sociology and you can really tell that she loves what she does. She's really clear in her lectures and her tests are based on lecture, textbook, and a novel she had us read on our own time. I defiantly recommend her for freshmen, and I would take her again.
She is a fabulous professor and an ever better person!! Tests are based mostly on readings; DO THEM ALL and read closely. Sometimes she tests on random things, but not too often; don't worry, just read with a highlighter in hand. Love her! You will learn a lot, and you will enjoy it. Best professor at SBU!
She is one of the best professors I've had at Stony Brook. She cares a lot about her students and makes the class interesting with movies and discussions. The exams were really easy if you went to class and read the material. I highly recommend taking this class with Professor Marrone.
Ideal for freshmen. Makes sure everyone knows what's going on. She presents the material in a relatable matter. Answers all the students' questions. You can tell she's really into sociology, loves teaching, and cares for her students. Textbook not used as much since TA's take notes. But articles are needed!
You do not need to purchase the expensive textbook to pass this course if you attend a majority of the lectures. The TAs take notes and post them to blackboard, and this amazing professor addresses exam topics in class. Definitely recommend SOC 340 to everyone!
She is a great professor as everyone will tell you. Exams are easy as long as you read and take really good notes. The questions can get a bit specific so be sure to pay attention in class. It feels like if your reading a book when you take her exams because her questions are long even though its only multiple choice. Exam curves are weird.
Through her demeanor, student can tell she cares about them and the class material taught. In her courses, we were encouraged to express our opinions on distinct topics. She's an understanding and humble professor, the best at Stony Brook!!
Professor Marrone was an excellent instructor. I took her years ago and never had the opportunity to write her a review. She was my Honors College Thesis Advisor back in college. And I'm happy to say, my career choice reflects her incredible teaching skills: I am currently a Sociology Professor myself! Thank you Cathy!
Professor Marrone is so helpful! She covers everything in lecture and I rarely used the textbook. Make sure you read the articles because she likes to put them in her tests. Overall easy class with a helpful instructor.
great teacher, super helpful. tells you what you need to study
Prof. Marrone was awesome! I was told to take this class by my coworker and it was totally worth it! Short 4 page paper that you basically get an A for doing and a straightforward final. GREAT winter class and easy A, just make sure you do the readings because her questions come from there as well as ANYTHING discussed in class. Definitely take.
Took 105 with her also, She is a great teacher. Her classes are really interesting and she's really understanding to her students! One of the best professors at Stony Brook no doubt! Im planing on taking another class with her before i graduate. Take her class you wont regret it !
Literally my favorite Prof at Stony. She is a professor that will make you excited and interested about what you're learning which is a rare feat now a days. By the first class you will be able to tell how much she cares about all of her students.Add on top of that she's funny and so understanding. You will not regret taking her.
Excellent professor, really cares about her student. Very clear and detailed in her lectures. Easy tests, but that's because the material is very simple.
Outstanding professor! Her lectures are extremely interesting and her exams are very straight forward (no tricks). She also offers a short extra credit assignment, which can add up to 7 points to your lowest exam grade (out of 50), which can raise your final grade significantly. I highly recommend taking this class with her!
She's the bomb diggity.
amazing course and wonderful professor..
Worthwhile class. Cares about her students and engages the class. Important to do all the readings and attend class!
she is just the best and most helpful professor i have ever taken!!! take!
She is one of my best professors. I highly recommend her. I had her in SOC 105 in 2011 (Fall Semester). I got an A- in the class. She makes a long reading material easy for you to understand. I learned a lot of things about American culture & sociological perspectives of how human behavior is shape by society and culture. Very interesting class.
great teacher, very comMunicative and enthusIastic. you wilL watch some Films that depress you for a week but they are worth it. fair tests, although there are always 2 or 3 nearly impossible questions. still relatively easy a. easy dec fulfillment.
Catherine Marrone is not only an amazing and bright professor, she is an amazing and bright individual as well. Her lectures are truly memorable to me and reflect a time of great joy in my life. She is an extremely fair grader, tests are very straightforward, and I can't put into words how great of an individual she is.
Very interesting class. Prof. Marrone is AMAZING. She makes sitting through a three hour class easy. She's funny and presents the material very clearly. The textbook reading is huge- make sure you do it. Otherwise, easy A if you pay attention. Take it if you can!!
Amazing professor, easy but interesting. Extra credit offered. Taking every class she teaches. Lost textbook and she gave me her copy before the final to study!
She is a really nice professor. She makes things easy to understand and she shows movies that relate to her class topics.
I love Professor Marrone! She is such a great professor and she just recently made it on the Top 50 best professors in the country according to the Princeton Review!!! You should defiantly take ANY course you can find that she is teaching. You wont regret it.
Amazing professor! Best classes I took in sociology were with her. her exams are very easy but you learn a lot in the class. Easy A, attendance unnecessary but you'll love it if you do attend. Very accomidating, let me in ven though the class was over capacity and wrote me a letter of rec even without me establishing a relationship with her prior
GREAT professor! no lecture slide, you write all ur notes, but she goes slow and repeats herself. gives out study guides. multiple choice tests. extra credit. definately would reccomend her.
Soc 395 is a crash course on modern culture. Prof. Marrone was the perfect choice to teach this class. She gets it. That?s as simple as I can put it. She wants to hear your opinion! Our society is changing. Life as we know it, will be all but a simple ash coming off the burning cigarette of the younger generation.
Professor Marrone is the clearest instructor I've ever had: she tells you what will be on the exams and it is exactly what is on the exams. One textbook and class participation = 3 credits. This is the second course I've taken with her and she was terrific both times. The subject matter in this course is as up-to-the-moment as I've ever seen.
She may just be the best prof/teacher I've ever had. Gets the class involves, very nice, always a smile on her face, very knowledgeable in her field. I've taken 2 of her classes and there both pretty easy, and even if it weren't I would still recommend her at the highest level
LOVE THIS PROFESSOR!!So Considerate, easy class, never seen a professor as as good, passionate and helpful as her.
It's not too difficult to achieve an A on each exam. I did so by: (1) Reading all the assigned readings two nights before each exam (2)Attending the lectures(3)The study guides she posts aren't necessary & attending office hours isn't either. Good luck:D.
This class requires a lot of reading, but besides that the exams are straight forward and there is minimal studying required for them if you went to class and read the book. Marrone is kind and approachable. She cares about her students. I had no interest in the course material at all, but she made it bearable. 3 exams and an extra credit paper.
Her class was very interesting. She showed some movies that tied into what she lectured about. I had this class on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and every minute was worth it. I commuted just for this one class on Fridays. If I could say one word about her, then it would have to be passionate. She loves her work and she loves teaching. Great woman!
AWESOME Professor!!! One of the BEST that Stony Brook has to offer. She is interesting, helpful, gives direct info during lecture and reading is required. You will NOT be disappointed with her class. You will NEED to attend it, but totally worth the 3 hrs you spend there. It's not that easy...but what class at SBU is?
One of the best professors in Stony Brook! Extremely nice and helpful. She knows how to teach.
Professor Marrone is one of my top 10 favorite teachers. She is super enthusiastic, incredibly interesting, considers student opinions, and is extremely caring. LOVE, LOVE Prof Marrone, she is one of the best out there and really loves what she does!!!
My favorite class this semester! I really enjoyed her lectures, They were really interesting. And You will definitely use those textbooks!
Dr. Marrone truly loves what she does. Her lectures are very entertaining. I didn't go to the first couple weeks because I didn't think the lectures mattered but they do. I regret not going because I love going to her class now. Both textbook and reader are required for the tests and her lectures definitely help. Definitely recommended her class.
She's one of the best teachers ever. i mean it. i even came on here to say it. the class is fairly easy, all you have to do is attend, but she makes it interesting with great videos, shes very helpful, and just about any class you take with her is gonna be pretty good. point blank you'd have to be an idiot to fail.
By far one of the best professors at Stony Brook. It was a very interesting class for me. She truly does care about her students and knows her stuff very well. I highly recommend you take a class with her if you can.
She is one of the best professors at Stony. Honestly, I will take any class taught by her. She really cares about her students. I cannot express how much I enjoyed her class. She is extremely articulate and brilliant. There is a lot of reading, but most of it is very interesting and there is ample time to complete it. SB's finest.
She's very nice and cute! There's a lot of readings tho. But she explaning everything clearly in class to help you get a better understanding of the readings. Interesting class. But again, a LOT OF READINGS
She is definitely one of the best professors here at Stony. When we say she cares about her students, I mean, she really does care for you as if you were one of her children. She assigns reading, which, as long as you do the reading (not much), and pay attention in class, then you'll guarantee yourself an A. Also, the course is very interesting
If you are a SOC major take Marrone!! Book is a MUST! attendance is more so mandatory. There are guest speakers as well as movies that are put on the exams so if you missed them you will lose points. TA's are helpful, EC opportunity (5pts) Exams are curved
This is my third class with Marrone and each class I got an A. Having her as a professor is a breath of fresh air in comparison to other Stony Brook Professors!!! Lectures are interesting and you do need to buy/read the texts. I found it as an Easy DEC class. Funny, nice, understanding, welcoming...I think I developed a crush on her!!! TAKE HER!
Amazing teacher!! She really is the best. Knows her stuff and keeps it light and interesting. Always involves the class in discussions which makes the 3 hours go by very quick. Also shows interesting documentaries. Must keep up with reading and the exams are multiple choice. She inspired me so much I switched my major to soc. take this class!!
Easy class but still interesting, best teacher ever!
If you would like a teacher who cares, is fun, and is a reasonable grader ... take Mrs. Marrone .... She's the best point blank.
She is a great teacher. The problem is that you have to read the text book to get a good grade. She is really engaging in her lecture and overall a great teacher.
She knows her stuff. 2 midterms 1 final. all multiple choice. the only hw is reading. reading is essential to passing the tests. she shows movies in class which relates to the topic that she is teaching atm. overall an easy class.
She knows her stuff. 2 midterms 1 final. all multiple choice. the only hw is reading. reading is essential to passing the tests. she shows movies in class which relates to the topic that she is teaching atm. overall an easy class.
very nice, gets a little off topic sometimes but you can tell she knows her subject very well and if you pay attention in class and do the readings, you will do fine on the tests. very interesting movies shown, and reading from BOTH books is critical to pass the tests
Shes an awesome teacher, engages the class, teaches with the help of films to keep our interest (and to provide examples) and absolutely gives fair tests! read and pay attention and youll do fine!
If you can take any class with Marrone take it!!! She is amazingly wonderful. She cares about everyone and wants everyone to do well and understand the course work. I have taken a few of her classes now and wish I could take more!
She is the best professor I have had. Professor Marrone is so sweet, and she really wants her students to do well and understand the material. I would take another class with her in a heartbeat. If you go to class and do the reading, you will do well. The speakers she brings in are so interesting--and you can write about them for extra credit!
One of the best professors I've had in Stony Brook. With her anything becomes easy. Most professors only tell students what they need to know, but she actually tries to teach students how to think in a sociological way so that we can do better. You don't get this kind of professor in any class. Take her if you can.
If you have the chance to have her as your prof, take it! She is really great and very fair. We even got a chance to get some extra credit. She really wants everyone to do well. Probably my favorite professor here after two years!
Great professor. Speaks clearly, explains very well, tries to get class involved in lectures, very approachable, and has a good sense of humor. Take ANY class with her if you can. For this class there are 3 exams that are equally weighted that determine your grade, plus an optional extra credit assignment towards the end of the term.
i lovvvee her. First of all, she is sooo hot! she has a nice little waist, like i mean she is portable. She is a great teacher, great sense of humor. the class is quite easy as long as you do the readings. I love the class so much that I'm gonna take it again!
I loved her! Her class was so easy it was almost a joke. There were 2 coursebks this year you need to buy from Stony Books that are expensive/unnecessary. Mostly common sense stuff. Easy A if you do the readings, easy B if you don't & are really quite dumb. She's funny and has good in-class discussions, shows good movies, learn a lot about life!
easiest class ever. got an A and read the book prob twice max
Awesome teacher! Engaging lectures, shows a lot of quality films that relate to the class and I just loved her. To get an A though you must do the readings (of which there are a lot) otherwise you can get by with a B easily. Gives a fun extra credit paper every semester as well. Loved her.
Need to go to class in order to do well. Minimum use of text, although it is required. I suggest renting the reader from Chegg.com and reading all of the reader assignments because half her test is on those readings. Easy B+/A if you go to class. She is crystal clear on everything, but you need to take notes if you want an A.
Awesome professor. Class was always interesting and her passion for the subject really helps spawn class discussions. Exams are not too difficult if you pay attention in class and do the readings. This is not a stay-at-home-read-the-book class. You have a better shot going to class and not reading than if you do the opposite. No homework. AWESOME.
Definitely recommend her for sociology classes! Although attendance isn't mandatory, she goes through most of the articles in class so you can skim a lot of them when it comes time for the exams. She makes class interesting when the topic isn't always that interesting and is very pleasant.
I think you should take this class and choose this professor! She is extremely helpful and interesting. An A is definitely guaranteed if you attend the lectures and read the assigned readings. She keeps the class amazingly interesting. You can tell she wants all her students to learn and do well throughout the course.
Very interesting class. Great Professor she is there to help will answer all emails and her exams are fair. Keep up with the readings and listen to her in class because her exams are as straightforward as you can get. Very good class highly recommended
She is one of the best professors at Stony Brook. She cares a lot about the subjects she teaches and her students, basically does anything she can to help you if you don't understand the material, or if you've missed classes makes the material available and also has MANY TA's to assist you as well. They all do an outstanding job. Highly recommend!!
Probably the easiest A you'll get as a freshman in an intro class no papers only movies and readings
I have taken Prof. Marrone for 3 classes (105, 391- Soc of Aging, and 364- Soc of Reprod.)and she was awesome! She is the nicest professor at Stony Brook and her lectures are interesting. Tests are straight forward- she never tries to trick you. She just likes to see that you grasp the (easy) material that she presents in class and texts. Warning t
This woman is one of the best professors at the university. She provides a vast understanding of the subject matter, and when you misunderstand her, she is more than happy to stay after class and assist you. The only complaint I have is with the amount of reading, which is quite exorbitant. Also, she's quite easy on the eyes, for an older gal.
she is one of the best professors! she is so passionate about the topics she teaches and truly cares about her students. her lectures are extremely interesting, you do however have to read the text. she also invites guest speakers to come in, which is a really good experience...plus if you write about the speakers you receive extra credit!
She is very fair in terms of testing but you do have to do the readings. The readings are easy and usually discussed in class. She is a great teacher and I would recommend her for all of the classes she teaches.
The teacher has great enthusiam for the topic. She makes it fun by applying real life examples into sociological perspectives. The tests are in dept, you must do the reading of the articles and also know the terms from the textbook.
had her from soc of drug abuse and alcoholism. had 6 speakers from NA/AA.amazing stories. option for extra credit.multiple choice tests. lots of interesting class dicsussions about legalization of drugs, and the "war on Drugs". Totally recommend her she's awesome!
You'll love this professor. she is greeeaat!!! Her reading assignment are a bit long, but her exams are easy if you read. the class is not boring, it is interesting, and mostly common sense.
she is definitely one of the best professors i have had so far. Her lectures are really interesting because she loves what she does. I would definitely reccommend her to anyone.
My favorite class at Stony Brook so far. I learned so much, Prof. Marrone is an amazing teacher! She makes the material very easy to understand. Her lectures are great, her 3 hour class went quicker than some 50 minute lectures I've been to. The tests are relatively easy, just take good notes and know what the articles are about
As long as you go to class and really read the articles from the small textbook, your guarenteed a high grade plus shes makes class pretty entertaining
She is so amazing!!..one of the best professors...her lectures are very interesting and will never make you fall asleep...she is very aprroachable and friendly...love her!
Loved her, she is so nice and makes the material really interesting but you HAVE to read the texts that she assigns but she really teaches well.
She's a great lecturer, and makes the 3 hr class fly by, but if you don't read the articles you WILL NOT do well. you really have to study to do well in this class, so don't take it if you want an easy A. but she is very interesting to listen to.
GREATEST PROF EVA, STRAIGHT FORWARD, GREAT USE OF LECTURING, GREAT INFO, OVER ALL 5 STARS, YOU GET A MIDTERM AND A FINAL MULTI QUESTIONS....TAKE HER CLASS, MAD GIRLS, AND ITS FUN.....
AWESOME PROF! I did mediocur but i blew it on one of the exams, all you need to do i attend class, take notes, be active, pay attention, study notes b4 exams, AND I GURANTEE you get an "A".....easy as hell, because i knows how to teach, and you can't go wrong with the topic and specially with so many girls in the class, YOU LOVE IT.....JOIN NOW.
Great professor -- if you get the chance to take a class with her, do it. She makes lectures interesting, her exams are easy, she's so nice, and very approachable.
if you do the readings, participate in class discussions you'll get an A. She is very fair and funny; she makes class interesting. There are in class speakers who come in and are very interesting to listen to. there is an extra credit option of writing about the in class speakers. great class. take it!
great professor who listens and accomodates her students. big lecture classes, not necessary to go to every class but do try! two midterms and one final (not cumulative). if u go to lecture and take notes, then u will have a more easy time b/c class discussions are on tests. read the materials, exam is 85-90% based on readings.
she's a very lovely teacher and this is a hard class to fail. the material in class and the booklet reinforces itself. if you don't want to read the readings, just go to class. if you don't want to go to class, just read the readings.
Her lectures and the films shown in class are pretty interesting. Just do the readings and pay attention in class!! Her tests are kinda hard, but she's more than fair. She's also happy to help if you ask for it.
She is the best in Sociology. She is a really good teacher and knows her information. It is once a week but the class goes really quick. YOu dont even have to read all of the articles. Her notes are good. She is a sweetheart too.
This course has to be one of the easiest DEC H on campus. If you go to class on a regular basis, A will be your grade. Just attending the review sessions only will get you like a B/B+. Reading is not really necessary. However, if you go to class, don't expect to get out before 940, she talks until the end. But its interesting the same.
read the book once and you will get an A. Going to lecture is useless I can say, but the films is a must since it will be on the exams. her exams are pretty fair. Only the grading scale is a bit of a problem.
I found this class to be very interesting. The is a lot of reading but it is easily tolerated. This professor is very personable. She is passionate and knowledgable on the subject of medical soc. She wants to see her students do well. I would definately take another class with her again.
SHE IS GREAT
very nice and easy to talk to, but her tests are pretty hard and you must go to lectures or you'll miss important info that she includes on the tests. Lots of extra credits, very willing to help if she sees you struggling..lectures were interesting
Her tests are so detailed, so you have to study for three days straight to get everything down. Class is useless, but you should go for the amazing films. All the notes are on the computer and thats what her test questions are based on and not what she says. Read the book, study the notes and you'll ace the class.
She is a very nice professor. She makes the class fun, and makes you actually want to come to class. Tests were easy and so is the reading. If she was teaching another class I wanted to take, I would defintely try to take her class.
She was the awesomest prof there is. Classes are interesting and tests are easy. Attend lectures and read a lil and you're guaranteed an A
loved it, loved it, loved it!!! easy, interesting and funny. it was a 3hr class and i sat there with no complaints.
she is great.
Keeps me interested for three hours. Tests aren't too bad either.
Both of these classes were pretty easy, I ended up with an A- in the intro course and an A in the upper level course. I would definately take the courses, but they aren't fantastic or amazing. Often times the lectures are too large and thus become boring (no attendance though, thats a +)
She's an awesome professor! Very easy going, funny and sweet. Her tests are pretty easy (all multiple choice). There is a lot of reading, but it's doable. One of the easier SOC classes (should take it to fulfill a DEC).
Great professor. Easy exams and great lectures.
She is an excellent professor. She makes classes interesting, depending on the class, with videos, guest speakers, etc. Exams are easy, just make sure you study her notes and you will not have a problem.
Marrone is so great. She exemplifies everything good in a teacher.
Excellent professor, makes learning alot of fun. Alot of reading, but tests isnt very hard. Highly recommended
She is an amazing prof. Very interesting and lively. I like how she actually asks us to participate frequently instead of just lecturing all the time. She seems like such a nice lady. I should be doing ok in the class.
very nice professor, do the reading and you will get a good grade
Easy, cool, nice, clear, awesome.
She is an absolute doll. One of the beste sociology professors. I have her for 2 classes next semester.
she's awesome
She is very clear and very funny!
Loved the class, and LOVE her
Sweet professor will pass just do readings from book
He is a very kind person. I like him. I am not sure if I am willing or able to teach undergraduate Physics around his age (80) this requires a lot of passion and patience! Passion and patience are all we need...
Very sweet guy. Professor Lee is so passionate about physics, that it makes you want to pay attention, even if physics isn't your strong suit. He makes it very clear that if you go to office hours he will do everything he can to help you, which is 100% true. He's one of those professors that you don't forget.
Old school professor. He is very nice and helpful. Clear in lecture and makes things easy for students to understand and tries to have a little humor in class. Has a lot of office hours. Homeworks can be a bit tough at times if you skip lecture at least 1.5 hours of work one hw a week. Requires clickers for the class. Labs are important. Good Prof!
Does not have the arrogance like some physics teachers like McGrew, seems to care about students, definitely one of the better physics professors.
hes a good teacher
He's the best physic prof. in Stony Brook. Teaches very well and make things easy and understandable.
Take SOC 101 with him! great prof and really easy
He is a great professor! Im so sad that he is not teaching soc 100 again but if you can get him for anything else definately try to!
Are you kidding me? He is the best prof. I've ever had! If you don't think he is brilliant, insightful, clear, helpful, articulate, or understanding then perhaps you need to rethink why you are even taking college classes. Seriously, he knows what he's doing.
Excellent Professor. Interesting lectures, easy to take notes from. Exam study guides really helped. Be warned though, a lot of reading, not all of which he covers in class, but you're still responsible for on exams. Attendence can also be a killer, grade drops after 3 absences
Stephen Marks, you are my hero! I looked forward to your class and uplifting personality.
Fun class...teacher is really into subject and that makes it more interesting.
He is very enuthsiastic
I loved this class. He was very passionate about what he's teaching.
Awesome class, awesome teacher. Was very clear, tests were easy because he explained the material so well...very interesting guy!
This guy rules. He's a real people person with a very likeable personality. Makes the material easy to understand and he is always respectful of various opinions and questions.
Stephen Marks is my hero! He's the reason I drag my ass out of bed in the morning. Haha...seriously though, his class is fun and he's very funny.
Great guy. Entertaining. Funny. Approachable. Genuinely nice. And lets you use a page of notes for exams. He is DA MAN!
nice, and very fair. Easy tests and teaches info clearly and thoroughly.
He's the reason I stayed with honors- he is personally and professionally helpful, and UMaine is lucky to have him.
Dude - Charlie rocks my socks. Got a nifty Beer Stein to boot! :O) Go Charlie!;O)
Charlie is the supervisor and a hell of a nice guy. wants to make you take a different class with him just cause he is fun to be around. If the rating was on a scale of one to ten charlie is an 11. Take him.. he's great.
There's your chili pepper, Charlie.
He makes great arguments, fun to discuss things with, great guy!
too liberal my ass, charlie is awesome
Lectures were very engaging and always looked forward to class. Very straightforward assignments and expectations, and she was very helpful answering questions in class.
Professor Lee was my favourite professor of first year! I took English 1020E with her and her lectures are SO engaging that it makes time fly by. Her lectures are accessible and inclusive to everyone - even if English isn't your thing, you will still be able to follow along because she is so funny and uses a lot of contemporary examples.
Prof Lee was an incredible prof! She was so engaging and this class was basically a big group discussion. It was such an open environment - I usually hate talking but it was so easy to discuss the topics that she presented and she made us all feel comfortable. The content was super interesting and I would definitely take a course with her again!
I loved Dr. Lee. She is fabulous. I will be going out of my way to take more of her classes. Can't wait to have her again!
Amazing Teacher. Loves what shes teaching, easily approachable. Take her classes!!
One of, if not the best prof I had first year. She's very enthusiastic about what she teaches, and the lectures are really interesting. A really intelligent and kind person :)
Professor Lee is an outstanding english professor.
She is a fantastic teacher. Balanced and fascinating lectures. Great course!
Great teacher, makes the class interesting.
Amazing professor...I never go to class and I still have an 85%
Prof Lee is an amazing teacher!! Everyone lover her course!
Amazing course and even better instructor! Prof. Lee is the greatest.
A caring prof who keeps her courses interesting. Very intelligent. My fav prof
One of my all-time faves!!! :D
She's great!! Easy to understand, great course, very helpful. My fav prof!
Jimothy "Percussion" Ancona is one of the coolest profs you'll ever have. He writes frickin' AMAZING music that will challenge you but make you grow as a percussionist. Sometimes Marcus shows up and that makes everyone happier. 12/10 recommend.
Jim is a great instructor. I've had him for a couple of different musical classes and he is always helpful and understanding regardless of your skill level. He can be tough on the occasion but its only to make you better. I have became a better percussionist because of him.
Jim Ancona has been one of the best professors I have ever had. He is extremely helpful when you are polite and courteous and do what you are supposed to do to be prepared for his class. Once you get to know him he isn't so scary and is a pretty funny guy
Great prof. Check out his facebok group!
He knows what he's doing and has a good personality. Makes class fun/bearable. Only boring part is when people don't pay attention or don't try. Just pay attention and play your part and hope everyone else does!
I think he was pretty fair to all musicians, clear conductor, cool concert
Outstanding conductor, prepare and you'll be fine. If you're a slacker - WATCH OUT!
Jim is an incredibly talented teacher. He can be your best friend but he can be shady as hell sometimes too. People who are complaining are too disrespectful to understand that he is trying to help them...expects a lot, so be willing to practice
musical genius, anyone who complains about this guy is in denial and cant take criticism. its an honor to be at a school where he teaches.
Great guy. Practice and he'll love you. Don't catch him on an off day though! Recommended!
This guy has refused to take anything but my best, and as a result, I have become a much better musician. I've been upset by things hes said, but just got better because of it.I am priveledged to have played under him.
if you think its easy, he will make it hard; wont take anything but ur best
Dont like the new grading system....doesnt work...good director otherwise
Professor Smith was a good Principles of Marketing professor. He keeps it easy and understandable but makes sure we actually gain the knowledge.
Dr. Smith is a professor who gets it. He actually teaches relevant material and keeps the classes fun. He treats students like adults and as long as you attend class you won't have problems!
My favorite Wesleyan professor! I never thought Marketing would be this exciting! Memorize the book like you were taking mental photographs and you will succeed on his exams! He offers extra credit that can skyrocket your grade! I plan on taking him in 2010 for Principles of Advertising! Take him, you won't regret it!
He rocks!
This class was interesting and although I wish he talked more with us about things, I really took a lot away from the course.
Dr. Hale is a very nice individual and I can tell he knows his stuff. If I had to take any Mass Comm classes, I would take them with him. The class I have with him is by design impersonal, all we do is watch movies and write papers, but his spiel before th films is always very informative.
Easy to talk to, very helpful, interesting, nice, intelligent.
Interesting, funny, always willing to help, great insight into the industry. Also extremely hot. Take every class you can from him.
teaches good
He is very thorough. He goes step by step, answers questions, and doesn't leave the class confused.
Dr. Prater is amazing. She has a great personality and is always open to help you. I had her for lab and would 100% take another lab with her. Lab exams were easy and make sure you dress appropriately on lab day and do the lab reports.
Great professor, for gen chem, be ready to take weekly quizzes, easy homework, and great lectures.
Definitely not a boring class. This professor makes a complicated subject interesting and even fun.
Not an easy class but she makes it fun.
Best SCI teacher i've ever had. you WILL get an A. not easy, but understandabe.
Has an incredible knowledge of Engineering and technology with detailed knowledge of contemporary developments in technology. This was my favorite class of the year. I love him. A stimulating professor
Wilson is AWESOME! He enters the classroom and moves around, talks to the students, like Russell Crowe in Gladitor, he introduces ideas of great philosophers clearly with precision and an EXCELLENT use of examples from real ife. He reminds me of a white Sidney Poitier in To Sir With Love. Mostly importantly he urges us to think for ourselves.
Prof. Wilson is awesome! He gets off topic sometimes and the class material is somewhat boring but he tries to make it as fun as he can. Plus, he posts the exam questions online so it's super easy.
1 test, 1 individual paper, 1 group paper, 1 group project. The test was the hardest part about the course. No textbook needed. Had to go to class, but only took notes before the test. After he would ramble on with jokes, but he is a funny teacher. Told us exactly what he was expecting. Gave us alot of additional material for people interested.
Really no reason for this guy to be on here cuz hes the only teacher for this course lol either way IT IS an easy class and hes a down-to-earth type of guy..1 individ. paper 1 small group paper, 1 research project, and 1 test all of which are doable..especially the test
This class was easy and fun. All the questions to the exam came from the practice exam he gave in class. He lets you redo the first two papers and this class was easy. Not too difficult. He is a nice teacher and very helpful and The TA for this class was great. He helps you alot. It's like they want you to get an A in this class.
I love this guy. He is a pretty amusing character. The class includes a big group paper, but it's still worth it. My group was a bunch of morons, and I still got an A in the class. Take this class just to experience the professor.
Class was interesting. Def gained new perspectives on ethics. There was only 1 test, but lots of papers to write with group members. NEVER used the textbook, but I will def take another class with Wilson. One of the best prof's at UMBC.
awesome all around
This professor is extremely knowledgeable and very very funny. He's da man.
Very interesting guy. He is smart and knows his stuff for sure. I took this as a pretty random elective, thinking ethics would look good. If your in an IS program this guy would be a good person to have on your side. Not a hard class, can be interesting and Wilson is pretty comical at times. I would advise doing it as a once a week night class.
I'm grateful for the privilege of having Prof. Wilson for Philosophy of Religion. He's very enthusiastic about the class and he has a lot of insights on epistemology, God, and morality. Lectures rarely if ever boring. Catch him for additional discussion after class if you're interested, he will like that. Adjunct faculty, can be difficult to reach.
Very good professor. His classes are definatly worth taking.
A great professor and a great guy. Keeps class entertained and the class is more discussion oriented than just lecture. He is one of the best prof. in UMBC and he is really a top professional in his profession. Im glad he still teaches at UMBC, other schools are trying to get him.
GREAT TEACHER!heappreiciateswhenitalkrealfast its not about the class being easy its just that you learn so much in a different way you will def learn in his class, and if you come all the time you'll do good. You just have to take him to know what i mean.DONT LEAVE UMBC WITHOUT taking his class.......
Intelligent, articulate, and fair. Shows genuine respect for students, even when he disagrees. "Easy" means that if you read the material and think a little, you'll easily be able to develop a viewpoint, engage in debate, and understand a new topic at a deeper level. That's how you make an A. Does it matter whether he's hot? No. (But he is.)
He is one of the few professors that I have even concidered taking a second class with. He's a great guy with a sort of dry sense of humor, but occasionally, assuming everyone's awake, the entire class busts out laughing. The only sure way to piss him off is to skip his class, if you know you're going to miss it, send him an e-mail, or tell a friend in the class to tell him you're sorry you missed it. If you do that, he'll probably give them an extra copy of whatever for you. Don't make it a habbit
He's a cool teacher. Take his class.
AN EASY A... HE IS SOO EASY..dont buy the book.. he will give u like 4 packets.. and ur straight for the semester... HE'S THE MAN!!!
one of the best professors I had at this school.
He is the man, take this class, you'll like it
Professor Wilson was one of the best teachers i have EVER had. I wish he could teach all my classes. He is a great guy and i recommend him very highly! Quizzes arent to hard. Take him!
I enjoyed the course and found the quiz method he uses refreshing
I would definitely recommend her! She's very understanding and works with her students in or outside of class. The explanations are pretty clear and she is always open to explaining it some more if needed. Make sure to stay on top of the vhl work which can be alot. If you have her on tth class the pace can be pretty fast so stay on top of things.
I liked Professor Gomez-Perez a lot. The class moves at a pretty fast pace, but you really just need to keep up with the daily VHL homework, even though it was kind of a lot at times. She emailed us a ton of extra credit opportunities to go to, so I think it would be easy to boost your grade if you need it.
Shes super nice and caring. Sometimes class can get monotonous but if you put effort in you will be fine and will learn. Go to her office hours she wants to help.
Great professor. Class is set up very clear. HW is collected twice a week and graded, about an hour of work per class. Midterm and lengthy in-class final. No quizzes. Two short presentations in groups. Professor gives great feedback on any/all writing which is helpful and is always available to help students. Good class and lots of extra credit.
I highly recommend Gomez-Perez only if you're interested in Spanish. She's a tough grader and will make you work, but she also teaches you a lot and pushes you to improve your spanish. Recommended for Spanish majors/minors. You also watch a lot of movies which is fun.
She is awesome at explaining things. Always helping out. Still accepts work if you were absent the day it was due. No quizzes but a few tests which aren't too hard if you study well. Give plenty extra credit opportunity. Quite lenient for the most part. Pretty easy grader, LOTS of writing but it really helps you with your spanish. Highly recommend
One f the best professors at Loyola. Don't pay attention to the bad ratings, they are just from people who are not interested in the language. I took her 3 times for 217 and 2 300's. She is from Madrid and has made me understand the language so much more. It is a challenging class, but if you work hard and go to her for help you are fine
She's a great teacher. Very straightforward. As long as you read and take notes the tests are easy. I highly recommend her class, she's also is very willing to help if you need it
Great teacher, her ratings are way too low. Homework is easy, she never checks it. As long as you stay on top of things her tests are great, sometimes they're even straight from the book. Awesome lady!
great class, she's very organized and you know exactly what to expect. if you do the required readings you are fine in her classes. great teacher overall
awesome teacher no clue why she got such bad ratings, gives homework not required extremely helpful whenever you need it very sweet genuine woman
awesome
Everyone should take her..she's a great Spanish teacher and she really cares about her students (she'll even joke w/you). I loved her class so much this semester, I'm taking her class again next semester. She's always willing to help you...just be willing to do your work!
Dr. Boothby helped to accommodate me with some personal issues I had and on top of this, he was an incredible lecturer. The class is kinda difficult especially for those who don't care for philosophy but if you can take him, go for it. He's great
This man is one of my absolute favorite professors! He is filled with compassion and care for his students, and his seminars are thought provoking and helpful. As for the course, it required some reading, multiple small papers, and a written final. Professor Boothby discussed all topics and readings class, so we always had a basis for our papers.
3 papers, Oral Final, and readings for every class. He is really passionate and gives pretty interesting lectures. He also really cares about the students in the class.
Boothby has been one of my favorite professors at Loyola so far. His class can be difficult at times but her really wants you to succeed. Really interesting material and he makes it easier to understand. A few papers and reading every night for homework. If you can, take him!!
Str8 up ledge, mans a straight up beast when it comes to philosophy. Makes it very enjoyable and you should have no problem paying attention. It was definitely my favorite class during my first and only year at Loyola. 10/10
super nice, willing to meet outside of class, papers aren't too long, all exams are essay format and he gives the questions in advance, take your time on the papers they're a big part of grade. He calls on you randomly but doesn't care if you don't know the answer. I would take him again
Definitely a demanding course in terms of reading and participation but i came away from that class with so much. He is extremely intelligent and his lectures are very engaging. It is a very interesting course and even though I'm not a big fan of philosophy, he definitely heightened my interest because it relates so much with the real world.
Boothby is a little eccentric in his own way, but we all love him for it. Solid professor. Some of the topics are a little bit out there, but just go with it. You have to have an open mind. Do the readings, because he'll pop quiz you. You definitely need to go to class and work at it. Great person and teacher. Very intelligent. Take him!
Best decision I have ever made! He is so unbelievably charismatic, and extremely intelligent. He has this way of getting you so engaged in his class, and makes you want to do his homework. Honestly...Boothby for next president. haha
He is the most amazing person you will ever meet in your entire life!
A great, great teacher. He makes philosophy so interesting and classes seem to fly by. Definitely one of the best teachers I've had and the class is completely manageable.
Very good teacher. High energy. Has a command of subject is adept at communicating even the most nuanced points.
Boothby can make anything fascinating. His lectures make you leave the classroom everyday thinking about some random, profound subject. Probably the best teacher I've ever had. Take him if possible!
Dr. Boothby is truly brilliant and gives flawless lectures. It is virtually impossible to be confused nad even harder to be disinterested.
I have had many classes with Dr. Boothby. A truly interesting and intelligent human being. His classes were always inspiring and thought provocative. I miss Dr. Boothby :)
All-around awesome professor- makes subject fun and clear. Def take his class... great teaching style.
He compared rain to celestial ejaculate and called a classical greek poem a "cosmic orgy". What more can I say?
Makes difficult topics understandable, but flirts with the inherent danger oversimplification at times
rick is great....women want him men want to be him
Very nice guy- very accommodating when you miss a class etc. Never Homework
I LOVED having Franz as my professor, He does come off as intimidating at first but once you get to know him, he's the nicest guy. He's soo funny. He does give a lot of readings which are important to read because he does give you pop quizzes (he tells you about this at the beginning of the semester).
The class has been one of my favorites. The class does have some pretty intense readings and pop quizzes on the readings, but the quizzes are usually on important pieces of information. He doesn't grade on much, but he gives many opportunities to do well. Before the exams he gives you the short answer questions to prep so it isn't a guessing game.
Best Prof. I've ever had. Lectures are INSANELY HELPFUL + ENGAGING! Never boring with Franz. Do not miss class, so much material covered at once. Has high expectations for midterms + the final but if you pay good attention/take notes/ask questions when confused, you're golden. Pop quizzes are frequent but don't stress. BEST poli-sci Prof.
Franz is everything a college professor should be - challenging so you will earn your grade, but captivating so you'll take a lot away from class. Would not recommend him to a non poli-sci student, but if you're a good student you can thrive in class. He can be a tough grader, but with effort, you will rise to the occasion and succeed.
I have had Professor Franz for intro to politics and his upper level democratic theory class. I absolutely love Franz. He's a great professor, always accessible, wants you to learn succeed and engage. If you aren't going to participate you may struggle but he does a great job of being engaging to make that easier. I'm taking him next semester!
ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW: He will challenge you (and probably intimidate you at first) He will conduct REALLY interesting classes with engaging lectures that make you think You will NOT fall asleep in his class - but if you want to pass you'll have to actually study for the quizzes and especially the midterms/final. Had him first semester freshman year
Franz is an amazing professor who really knows how to get his students to participate and enjoy his class. He is engaging and wants to help you succeed. However, the readings are tough and he gives pop quizzes throughout the semester based only on comprehension. The midterms and final are tough, but not unmanageable.
Do the reading. A good chunk of your grade is on quizzes on the reading. Tests aren't too bad, essays for two and MC for the final. Just study the night before your notes from class and the quizzes and you will be fine. He's a great guy, great sense of humor.
Very eloquent and enticing. I was never really bored in his class. Especially when we got to talking about Machiavelli! His in-class essay exams are pretty difficult and he can be a tough grader. However, you feel very accomplished and proud if you do well in his class. It's definitely possible that you will. You just need to take the time. Takehim
Franz is the best professor at Loyola! His class makes you think and is very interactive. You have to be willing to do the readings (sometimes twice), participate, and analyze the texts (all good selections) and you will learn a lot. He is intelligent, interesting, witty, and knows how to push his students. I can't wait to take more of his classes!
Franz is one of the best teachers I have ever had. He uses a collection of texts that you have to read if you want to do well. He gives random quizzes 2 mid terms and a final. But as long as you show up for class and take notes you will be fine. He likes it when students participate and is very good at keeping class interesting.
Tough teacher. Smart dude. A little self-center, ego-centric, but that's also what makes him so good. If you're into it, his Politics of Spiritual Disorder class is well worth all the time you'll spend slogging through the reading. Also an interesting guy outside of class: wine-expert, drives fast.
Great Teacher. very very smart and he knows it. tough grader, but as long as you go to class and participate you will do fine. take this class...but take it seriously
This class totally stressed me out! Potential for a pop quiz every class. Learned a lot though. Refused to learn anyone's name as to not be biased on exams vs. class participation. Participation grade was written on the back of exam as it was turned in.
smart and good looking
Very Good Teacher!! He is truly a smart man and knows what he is talking about. tHERE ARE NO PAPERS AND VERY FEW TESTS BUT YOU NEED TO DO WELL ON THEM. HE IS A HARD GRADER BUT KNOWS WHAT HE IS TALKING ABOUT.
AMAZING Teacher, but very difficult grader. Class is awesome and hes super intelligent, a must have at loyola!
My first exam freshman year was Franz's 101, last exam senior year was his Democratic Theory. Basically made me a politics major (though Spahn kept me there). Extremely demanding and a tough grader, but his classes make Loyola worth the money.
if you don't take him you are missing out. I took him and now love poltical science. And don't let him scare you he really is a nice guy. You will feel like such a genius after sitting threw just one class.
Funny, interesting, smart and just what you want your future husband to look like!
Intelligent, witty, a great teacher, and SO cute. Didn't take his class until senior year but if I had taken it as a freshman I probably would have ended up a poli sci major :)
One of the best teachers at LoyolaYou get 10xs smarter just sitting thru 1 class
The guy is sexy as hell and spends entire classes talking about power. Yow!
Smartest man alive
GREAT teacher, don't expect and A
Dr. Brouwer is, by far, my favourite instructor at MCC. We have intelligent conversations all the time. Real good guy.
Dr. Brouwer is an awesome instructor. Makes English easy...all you have to do is listen.
He made English fun!
He is one of the best English teachers that I ever had!!
Good teacher.
She is so nice! I had her for my online class this winter and she was very prompt with the feedback she actually read everything I submitted, and would email me separately and say what a great job I was doing and to keep it up. I think that really motivated me to keep getting an AWESOME GRADE. Def recommend taking her class!
Barbara Howard is truly one of the best professors I have had. It was such a pleasure to work with her, it is a shame that this course was only three weeks long. She is clear, kind, and efficient. It meant a lot to me that she gave feedback and I could tell she always took the time to read my assignments.
Not too difficult of a class. Howard is helpful and easy to get along with. Assignments and grading were straight forward, no surprises. I'd take it again!
Assignments were extremely easy, and exam questions were pretty straightforward. She was good about emailing you back if you had a question. Overall: nice professor, easy class.
Good professor. Very helpful, lectures a little dry but very informative.
He's clear, concise, and only tells us what we need to know. Better than Annis!
Campbell is the ****. Anybody who can't learn from this guy is a moron
Bio sucks but he's alright
I saw him in Shaws once and met his dad
Interesting, great with presenting an understandable lecture on tough topic
Great class. Had a lot of different aspects, exams, a paper, poster project and collections and identification of fungi. Go to class and take notes, follow the exam outlines and you will do just fine. Highly suggest this class. Seanna was always available for help and extremely flexible when it came to deadlines.
Seanna is very cool. I had her for Bio 432 and I had learned so much. The class was nice and small and it was easier for her to get to know here students. She knew everyone's names and was very nice to everyone. She's great, her exams were very clear and she is very understanding.
UMaine needs more like her, she is helpful, genuine, and very hot!!!
Very good professor...know for a fact she cares a lot about her students.
Nice lady, smart, and helpful
Great lab teacher. Challenges you to think. Some of the labs can be a little tough
todd is an amazing professor who really cares about his students! he is very accommodating on assignments! exams are difficult if you don't know / understand the material but he goes a lot of study options and a lot of reviews for exams! definitely would recommend Todd!
Fantastic teacher. Got all the material in within class time and still managed to let us out 10 minutes early consistently. Had a great sense of humor and was always very helpful in explaining absolutely anything we were stuck on. Guy seems to intuitively know where you went wrong and how to guide you back to the right spot.
This man is one of the kindest men on planet earth. I took stats online with him and I am pathetically bad at statistics to the point where I never thought I would pass. The C I got should have been an F with any other teacher.
He obviously cares about his students and helping them learn. By far the best math instruction I've ever gotten.
Tom Zoroya was an amazing professor. During my semester with him, my living situation was a bit uprooted, and I fell behind in the class. He was more than understanding, and reopened the assignments that I missed. However, the workload was completely manageable. There are practice tests before exams, which helps a lot to prepare.
He is a very good professor with good lectures to reasonable homework, I would highly recommend.
Second class I took him him, this one I did online. It was a lot of work but definitely doable! If you do the homework assignments and pay attention for the tests, I guarantee you can get an A in the course.
Todd for STS 232 is a MUST if you require credit for this category. Not only is it an online math class, but you can also do any of the work assigned throughout the whole week. You can always ask him questions if you need help by emailing him but the "View an example" tab for the homework helps super well. I recommend!!
Todd was a good professor! He knows what he is talking about and is always willing to help if you need it. He wants you to succeed, so he makes his letter grades more feasible (A is 90-100). He drops 4 homework assignments and the lowest test grade. Class is based on participation through answer questions in class on your computer.
Todd is a great stats professor!
Awesome teacher overall. Very talkative and explains things thoroughly especially if you ask a question. The MyMathLab that he uses through Pearson has its quirks but I've used Pearson through my whole math minor and its really not bad once you get used to it.
Best math professor in the department, is very clear and his content is straight forward. Awesome, easy class and nice funny guy
I have taken STS 232 and MAT 122 with Todd. He is an amazing man who instilled confidence in me in regards to math. He tells everyone exactly what he expects of them, the tests pertain to the homework material, and he is completely fair and understanding. He offers his own personal help as well as other resources to help you succeed. No trickery.
I took Todd's online class and found it to be one of my easiest math classes of all time. You can use your calculator, excel, whatever. My suggestion is that even though it's an online class and it feels tedious, take notes!!! You will want your notes when you are mid exam and can't remember the rule for finding smallest sample population.
I'm one of those people who loves math but when taking precalc in high school I failed. But taking it with Todd made it so much more enjoyable. I was interested in learning and his lectures weren't all that bad. He let us use reference sheets on all exams, and even let us out of class early some days. Overall my favorite professor by far.
I took Zoroya's winter STS 232 course and he was really helpful and kind. Responded to emails super quickly and even gave me an extension despite the fact that there was already a makeup policy in the syllabus. Helpful professor!
Zoroya made learning statistics easy. His tests are good too; which is hard to say about math. Thanks Mr. Zoroya!
Currently taking the den version of statistics. Todd exceeded beyond my expectations of a college professor. Allows you to have reference sheets on midterms and finals. Class is easy as long as you pay attention. An easy A for a class. He doesn't go fast and he's really nice! Extra textbook materials aren't necessary for study.
Absolutely amazing teacher. Takes the time to get to know his students. I take every math course I can with Todd!
Todd is the best Math teacher I've ever had in my life. He is friendly, knows his stuff, and really cares about his students. He's a fair grader and makes all the hard stuff really easy to understand. If you have any opportunity to take a class with him do it. Even if it means waiting an entire semester to do so. You won't regret it!
Very helpful. I'm not good at math but he made Algebra understandable.
Very nice, very helpful, very easy.
Always 1/2 hr early if anyone has questions before class he's willing to work on a problem with you until you understand it. prompt with returning my math-lab questions. an all around decent guy. He is good about going through problems step by step in class. Ask questions because the final is a killer!!
Todd is great! He's really helpful and approachable. He remembers everyone's name and really cares about his students! I recommend Todd to anyone!
He made pre-calculus a breeze. Dare I say I actually loved math while taking his course. Great teacher and he uses excellent software.
Excellent professor and I loathe mathematics!
Great professor, Had a great approach for teaching the material. If you do not understand he is always more then willing to explain it in a way that may be easier for you to understand. Overall Great Professor!
Todd is the most supportive math teacher. I didnt think math teachers like him even existed.
Nice teacher. very clear. didn't make fun of the stupid questions. was very helpful and would meet with students anytime. Easiest A. Only complaint was the amount of time spent on any given topic. He answers EVERY question...
Great professor. Willing to help any students that have questions. I love the class, he's a great guy. Get him as a professor if you can!
Easy class. Don't really even need to attend. Everything's done online.
I took Todd's College algebra class this summer, and although I am absolutly horrible at mathmatics, thanks to his willingness to work with me and his dedication to his students (that show a dedication to doing the required work)I was able to get an A. Thank you Todd for a job well done!
Clear, Patient, fair and super nice guy. He seems to gauge the class's readiness for challenge so it's fair to everyone.
Todd is the man. ALWAYS willing to meet and help you with problems. I definately suggest if you need a math, to find one taught by him. Extremely nice and the tests are relatively easy- if you do your homework
The man, the myth...the legend.
AWESOME professor,hands down!
His class was better than my music class.
hard class cause i suck at math, VERY nice guy, he's awesome and wants you to do well....very willing to help you!!
Todd is the best teacher at this university, and he is damn hot! kudoes to you Mr. Zoroya, you fine piece of meat!!!
Todd is so helpful... definitely take this class
Todd Zoroya is a grizzzate tizzeacher.
He subed for this clas a few times and I learned more from him than I did from my full time professor, who I understand is a dean. Yeah, some dean...
Very helpful, and clear. Nice guy.
Todd is the best teacher this school has working. He is helpful, lenient, clear and a good guy. Take his class if you can.
easy class, very helpful, listens to class
Todd is a great teacher -- very concerned and will help as much as it takes
Excellent math teacher!! Takes time until you understand everything!
Best math teacher I have ever had.
Gary was one of the first professors I had at UMO. He is kind, knowledgeable, and very approachable. He knows his stuff, but presents it in a way that's very easy to understand. Take notes and the tests will be easy for you.
Gary is Great! Makes class worth going to! tells great stories!
Very interesting class. Easy tests and no homework. Reading the book was not necessary as he included everything in his notes, but I found the reading to be interesting. Gave study guides before texts which were very helpful.
Gary is a great professor. Makes the material easy to understand, and is willing to help at any time.
Such a fun class!!! Professor did an amazing job teaching it. He made the class very interesting and enjoyable!!!! I highly recommend taking this class, it is very easy, fun, and you do actually learn a lot.
Loved Gary, he is such a great guy and cares about each of his 500 students every semester. Wants everyone to succeed and is able to break down any concept into easier terms. Highly recommend!
I loved this class! Probably my favorite I have taken so far. He was a great teacher and made learning fun and easy. He reads from powerpoints the whole time but makes it interesting. The tests are pretty easy. I would always recommend this class.
I would recommend CHF201 to anyone. Great class and the prof. is very nice and helpful. Tests are straight foward, just Q & A, easy if you study the notes he posts on Fist Class!
:)
Very easy class, he prints the notes right out for you. He uses great analogies of the subject matter by comparing it to his family. Would recommend taking this as a gen ed, easy A.
Both are relatively easy classes, but Gary makes them fun anyway. He likes to tell stories about his kids.
Prof. Schimoeller is a great guy who you can't help but like. Plus,he makes great cookies! Take anything Prof. Schimoeller is teaching. You won't be disappointed.
Awesome professor. I suggest this class for anyone who wants children, you will learn a lot.
He is a very good teacher. He does all in his power to help his students reach their goals!! :)
Great prof! Gives you the exact chapter outlines from the text. he is clear in his lectures and is willing to stop and answer any q's that you may have. overall i think that he is a good professor.
Very easy class. Very intelligent prof.
An interesting class, he is a all around great professor.
This was a great class. He's a great professor. I enjoyed having him and would most definetly take another one of his courses.
A great professor! This was my favorite class and I wouldn't hesitate to take another of his classes. He has great stories that help you remember the material, too!
Great all around teacher. It would be hard to find a more caring and knowledgable person. I would not hesitate to take another class with him.
Awesome professor... Best class I've taken here... Very interesting,
very nice guy, very helpful and concerned with students learning
Very helpful, personable, and intelligent. Great personality.
puts all lecture notes on first class; easy tests; very good teacher
Loved this class. Mr. Brucher is super nice and funny and promotes good class discussions. Great guy and great teacher.
Professor Brucher is great! Hilarious, kind, and he genuinely cares about his students. Will do anything to help you out. He was really into the subject (Retribution in Modern Drama) and I was blown away by how much he knew about the topic. If this class is offered again (this was the first time it was taught) it is well worth your time.
Professor Brucher was an excellent teacher. He is very helpful and works with anyone who needs extra help. He is an easy grader and helped the students prepare for the portfolio efficiently and effectively.
Professor Brucher is awesome. He genuinely loves the material and it shows so much through his lectures. He makes it fun, and he is hilarious. He also puts a lot of effort into commenting on your work and it can be really helpful. If you have to take Shakespeare, do it with him. Or anything else he teaches!
This was his first time teaching the course in about ten years. It was a little frazzled at the time, however it was always clear exactly what Dr. B wanted for the next class and what his expectations were. He was very nice and super helpful. I honestly wouldn't bother buying the textbook even though he says it's essential. Loved him!
Definitely knows his stuff. Resident Shakespearean and dramatist. Hint- in papers, he likes to see a focus on the language of the text.
Very intelligent and interesting. He will vastly improve your writing!
I loved this class, it was great! And he was a great teacher! Some teachers can really destroy Shakespeare and make it boring and tedious, but not him! Im looking forward to having another class with him next semester!
really good instructor, funny, witty, and open to the opinions of other students. he really enjoys origninality in your papers, so be creative.
Took Shakespeare and a class that analyzed plays. He is a great prof and makes class tons of fun. Encourages student participation and intently listens to every viewpoint. Fun classes and fun guy.
Keeps class very entertaining
He makes class fun, really! Very open and understanding
GREAT PROFESSOR! A nice breath of fresh air after 320. this class is actually organized and Nancy Schoofs is very helpful. Her lectures are interesting and easy to follow. Tests are difficult. but she is more than willing to answer questions until you understand.
Loved her, favorite 350 prof. She makes sure you understand and gives great examples and great case studies. From a class point of view she is great. Don't know about clinicals
I really enjoyed having Nancy as an instructor and she is great in clinical.
wonderful, funny, nice, helpful, brings stories of real life great!!
Would definitely take again. Be ready to take notes and read. If you read and take good notes you will pass. Excellent teacher and hilarious but also serious. Loved every minute of his classes and would take him again in a second. Knows his material. Do not arrive late and do not leave early as he will embarrasses you.
Smart Professor
WILL NEVER FORGET HIM. ENTERTAINING AND INFORMATIVE! BETTER BE ABLE TO RIGHT NOTES QUICK!
Dr. Moon is the best teacher I had at E.C. He was wonderful. Dr. Moon is very candid, and Marriage and Family with him is definitely not PG13. A very hard class with him, but well worth it. In OT, he actually expects his students to read the Bible. Go figure. Definitely not a teacher for slackers or Prudes. But if you are serious, he is best
i love mony g. toon
Dr. Moon is wierd, but he's hillarious. Keep up the good work, mony g toon.
Dr. Moon is perhaps the most intellectually stimulating professor at EC. His openness cannot be overappreciated, and he has a hunger for knowledge.
He was an instructor that excelled in connecting the dots in a subject that can be confusing. He undermines the concept of orthodoxy in a good way by challenging prejudice and the tendency to accept the assumptions we were given at uncritical stages of our early life. Bravo
Awesome teacher & person with loads of experience, and down to earth.
The best class I have taken at EC in the education department. Dr. S is so outgoing and lively. I really wish all teachers were like her. She put a hole in the wall. That rocks!
I really Loved Dr. Sorrells class. She made it so fun with her apperance
Excellent teacher. I wish all my teachers were like her.
Professor Tighe is awesome!! She really knows her stuff, is super approachable, and gives very good lectures. sure the classes are hard, but if you go to class and have good study habits, it'll be a breeze.
Mrs. Tighe is a great professor, but she's tough. She makes you take pre-reading quizzes, tedious HWs, and challenging quizzes and exams. She provides a lot of old exams and old quizzes. She has high expectations for students but provides you with a great foundation for Calc 3. SI Pass and Office hours are also extremely helpful.
Tighe is the best professor I've had at UMBC, period. That being said, she's tough. She makes you take pre-reading quizzes before the lectures, plenty of long HWs, tough quizzes and exams. Sounds awful, but trust me, she gives you the resources to do well. Great lectures, and a fair grader. Going to OH is your key to an A with her. Very accessible.
Tighe is a national treasure. She gave amazing lectures and really wanted the students to pass. She was a tough grader and had not time for questions she had already answered so pay attention. If you really don't understand she is willing to work with you outside of class. Her quizzes were the right amount of difficulty.
Bonny is fantastic! I took two courses at UMBC quite a while ago, and she was genuine and accessible. Seems gruff, but is very humorous and quite enjoyable!
She is a really great professor and she is funny too which helps when the material is really tough and you just want to die. The class was really difficult for me but that is because calc 2 is not an easy class, if you actually do the problems that she does in class and work hard, then you can get a good grade. Could have gotten a B, but oh well.
Mrs. Tighe is a phenomenal professor. I had her for both Calc I and II and received A's in both. She has "print out lectures" that she provides, or you print them out and fill in as you go along in class. She has her old quizzes and exams online, so if you go to class, take good notes and study the old stuff, you'll have no issue getting an A.
Prof. Tighe is overall a great professor, as she goes through step by step explaining how to do problems. She can go through the notes a bit too quickly at times, but if someone asks she can slow down. The tests and quizzes can be difficult, but she provides plenty of practice exams and quizzes online to help. Discussion is also very helpful.
she is great to take her if you can, she is a bit difficult compared to other teachers but other teachers don't teach and she is a great teacher and she makes the final so if you are used to the other professor the final is gonna be hard
She might come off as tough but she is really caring and wants her student to walk away with BOTH knowledge and good grades. Most math professors here only care about grades and if you memorize their exams, you'd pass. Tighe is really focused on making you understand the materials. 100% recommend her!
She's an amazing teacher and gives you absolutely everything you need to get an A, it's just that you actually need to do it
Though she is a tough grader she prepares us well (along with the TAs). She has tons of previous quizzes and exams for students to practice and posts all the lecture notes. She is available outside of lecture and overall is great. You might have to get use to her personality though
Mrs. Tighe has been teaching mathematics for many many years. Her lectures are formated incredibly well, and she uploads her notes to BlackBoard. To get A's on her exams, practice exams from the semester she taught before (accessible on BB) because they are nearly identical to the test you will take.
Professor Tighe is a quality professor, explains everything really well. My favorite professor.
Ms. Tighe's prowess in teaching makes her a remarkable professor that I would highly recommend to anyone planning to take Math 152. She understands that most of her students possess a superficial understanding of basic algebra skills, and she focuses a good portion of her teaching on algebra techniques because of this.
She makes you work, but you will definitely learn something if you try.
Professor Tighe is easily the best Math professor I have had throughout all of my years in school. She knows what she is talking about, and she is also realistic in the work that she gives in and out of class. Just be sure to start the homework a few days before it is due.
She is hilarious and really helps you to enjoy calc. She is caring and very approachable. I agree with the statement about her being scary at first but she really is a sweetheart. Best proffesor I have had yet. She prepares you well for exams; important thing is going to class and putting in work on practice problems to succeed
Mrs. Tighe is a very good professor and really cares about her students to do well. She might seem hard and scary at first but as the semester progresses, you will love her! I highly recommend her!
Ms. Tighe is an amazing teacher. She is very demanding of her students and really expects a lot. I was motivated and worked very hard, and even though math is not my best subject I improved so much this semester. You will probably have to work very hard, but it is worth it, also her lectures are important and you should not miss them.
A great professor. She is a bit sarcastic at times, but it is very funny and brings some humor to class. Her teaching is great. She drops quizzes and replaces your lowest exam grade with the final. Her exams are hard, and so are her quizzes, but the final was a breeze. I would recommend her to anyone interesting in learning calc.
Get ready to work like crazy, but when you finish the class you'll be doing math in your sleep. Not for the faint of heart but she's the way to go if you really want to learn the material. Moves quickly and seems a bit grumpy at first but she's happy to slow down if you need help and is really the sweetest woman if you ever talk to her one-on-one.
This is a difficult class, but Tighe is a great teacher. She is tough, but she can also be humorous and if you reach out for help she is more than happy to give it to you. She really knows her stuff but does not tolerate disrespect.T Definitely come to class as her lectures are very helpful, and from there it is practice practice PRACTICE!
She is such a BOMB teacher seriously. She is the best teacher for calculus. Anybody that didn't do well did not take the time to reach out to her and get help.
LOVED Prof. Tighe. While she seems intimidating at first and her humor is demeaning to the unprepared, she is a sweet woman. Never had a professor who made winter hats for her students who came to office hours. The material is difficult and exams are challenging, but it trains you for the final. Take her class, but be prepared to do some work.
If you work through her quizzes and practice exams, you are guaranteed an A. GO TO CASTLE. Develop a relationship with her and your TAs. It may save you on an exam or in my case, a letter grade.
She is an AMAZING professor. In both courses she emailed everyone outlines for the lectures so it was very easy to follow along with what she was saying. The tests were a little long and difficult but it really prepared you for the final exam. In addition to that she posted multiple quizzes and exams from previous years so you knew what to expect.
She is the one of the best Math Professors I've ever had. Defiantly ask for help if you don't understand her and her TAs will work with you. She wants her students to do well!
I LOVE Ms. Tighe. She's the best math teacher I've ever had. Quizzes and tests are straightforward, just practice with the old quizzes and exams and they are pretty much exactly the same, just with different numbers. Final is easy and can replace your first exam grade. Took AP calc AB in high school (2 on the test), but got a 99% in calc 1.
Bonny Tighe is a great lecturerboth clear and engaging! This isn't a class that you can get an A without learning the material, but It's taught in a way that makes it easy and accessible. If you put your due in, you'll get an A or B. CASTLE (Tighe's and Prof Nanes Friday coach class) is a great resource, & you just might get a hat out of it!
Mrs. Tighe is one of the best professors you can have for Calc II at UMBC. She is very good at what she does and makes sure you get what shes doing. Dont be intimidated by her, shes a sweetheart; go to Castle on friday for extra help. How to Succeed: STUDY FOR THE QUIZZES AND EXAMS FROM THE WORKSHEETS AND TEXTBOOK.
She's amazing. Take her for Calc I, or you will miss out. She is so funny when you get to know her. And if you stay on top of the material, her class will be a breeze.
Tighe is awesome. The best math professor I've had by far. I took 151 and 152 with her and she is the reason I understood it. If you work hard she will give you the grade you deserve. Her tests are harder than other professors but the final is easy. If you go to class and do the work, it's easy to get an A.
Great Professor! She made the material so easy to understand. She was also funny and easy to listen to. Super understanding. I had a problem with taking one of the exams at the scheduled time and she let me take it a day late (I let her know before hand). With I could have her for calc III. One of the best professors I've had.
Math 152 can be a challenging course for many students. It is especially challenging for those who skipped straight into Math 151 or Math 152. Tighe gives good lectures (or so I've been told), and the tests are very similar to tests from previous classes. The quizzes are done in groups, and quizzes from previous years are available online.
Her lectures were really clear and on point, one of the best lecturers I've had; she explains things that can be overwhelming in a really simplistic way. She may come of as intimidating, but really cares about her students. Her quizzes are in groups. Exams are tough, but will prepare you for the final. Don't expect this class to be an easy A.
stuff and things were had
Mrs. Tighe is a hard teacher, but is also one of the best teachers I've taken. She explains everything clearly. Quizzes are taken in groups. Exams are hard, but if you study hard you can get a B or an A. You will learn a lot in this course. Take her class!!
She's a great professor if you're willing to put in the work. She gives 3 exams and a final during a semester and they're somewhat lengthy. Though the exams are all harder than the final, so by the end of the semester it's basically a victory lap.
She is not here to joke around when it comes to Math. She's really nice, really easy to talk to, but she is going to make sure you learn the material better than any other professor. If you want an easy class, don't take her. If you actually want to pass the class knowing the material and get an A on the final take her class.
She was amazing, and very kind if you went to her office hours for help. One of the best!
One of the best calculus professors you will encounter. Makes a difficult subject very clear and concise. Also keeps the class engaged and has a sense of humor. Excellent professor, I would highly recommend her.
She's the best math professor ever!! Shes willing to help and gives us 5 hours every Friday to do homework with her! She's very clear and really nice. Also gives nice and funny examples to help us understand better. Only thing, goes fast is lecture. But I love her. If you have the opportunity...take her class!!
One of the best teachers out there. She is very helpful and clear in class and cares about your success. Extra credit is available and quizes are in groups with the lowest 3 being dropped and 4 lowest HW's. I also suggest to NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK because its useless; she provides you with handouts for each lesson that are much more clear helpful
Wow she is simply an amazing teacher. I do not know why she even had some bad comments in the past, she went through a teaching workshop where she improved everything about her class. Her exams and quizzes for 152 are much easier than Brian deans. She answers all questions in class, has great office hours and now offers extra credit in her classes.
She's an excellent teacher - her exams are pretty tough but fair. Classroom is pretty social so it's easy to get into study groups which will help even more. If you take her class over the summer the quizzes are in groups (exams aren't, make sure you know your stuff.) Also, she's super nice.
Tighe is great! She cares about her students unlike any other prof. Calc 1 is definitely hard and it requires a lot of time and effort to succeed, but Tighe is fantastic. She makes it clear exactly what you need to know. Go to lecture, it definitely pays off!
Mrs. Tighe is a great teacher! Calc 1 is not an easy subject but if you go to her for help and really work for it, you should be able to get a good grade. She can be a little rude sometimes but if you work hard, you'll be fine.
I love Professor Tighe.She is always willing to help students and definitely likes to teach calc. Don't show up late to class though because it makes her mad.. all in all I recommend her!
The best math professor that teaches one of the most difficult classes. Calc 2 is brutal, but she does everything she can to help you without watering the material. Go to her weekly study sessions in CASTLE. They saved my life. If you need more time, she loves helping students during her office hours. She deserves every compliment mentioned here.
A truly wonderful woman who truly cares about her students. I would recommend her to anyone.
Great prof, makes it easier than it has to be,still need to work hard and do well on exams, don't fall behind
i love her! i take two class with her and she will help you if your willing to learn and if you let her know who you are. her exams and quizzes are similar to old exams and quizzes and she does post up the old exams and quizzes on BB!
Ms. Tighe is a good teacher in a difficult subject. You pretty much will have to go to lecture and discussion if you want to do well, this stuff is not easy. She does manage to make the stuff fairly clear. Exams and tests can be a little tough, but if you can do well on most of them you will be fine, some of the lowest HWs and quizzes get dropped.
I love Mrs. Tighe! Her exams are pretty tough but her quizzes are certainly manageable in comparison. Although she doesn't curve her exams, she offers several other opportunities for grade inflation. She's intimidating at first, but if you go to her office hours she's super nice and helpful. Very clear and concise, I took Calc 2 just to have her!
She gives you practice exams and quizzes from last semester with the exact same material that will be on the quiz/exam you are taking. Can't get any easier than that! She does have a bit of an attitude but she's also really nice sometime. She's human so of course she'd have emotions. Duh!
She's a tough professor, but if you do the work (pay attention in class, take notes, homework, study, etc) you'll do well and learn a lot. Also, don't be afraid to go to her for help. She's very willing to aid anyone who asks, and she will usually go over practice problems with you.
BEST MATH PROFESSOR AT UMBC!!!!! She lets you know exactly what is required to know for the exams, gives you plenty of practice exams and quizes, and the problems are similar just with diff numbers. She is very clear, she really cares if you are doing well or not. Just put in half the work she tells you, and guaranteed A!!!!
I took Math 151 last semester and took this class right after and had a feeling it will be terribly hard course but I just finished and it was easy. Just do all the homework thoroughly and keep up with A+ on quizzes and the material that she teaches. Reading prior to class helps. Her exams are known to be extremely hard but it's really not.
Best teacher I've had, hands down. I hated calculus in high school because I didn't understand it, but the way she explains everything it makes total sense. She's available for extra office hours to work on problems (which i heard are helpful) and she puts out old quizzes to study from. Seriously take her if you can!
She was a great teacher. I had her for a whole year of my freshman year. She at first I thought was going to be a little intimidating the 1rst week but then I realized it was just her sarcastic/funny personality. She is willing to help you until you understand. She is really passionate about teaching. GREAT PERSON IN GENERAL ALSO! : )
Best math professor/teacher I have ever had
She makes calculus easy, and never hesitates to give one on one help.
AMAZING teacher. very thorough and clear and loves her students. best teacher i have ever had. the class is hard but she provides you with everything you need to get an A. her TA is also the best TA ever. some extra credit is always offered. make sure you go to discussion.
She is a sweet person and really wants to see her students succeed. She presents material clearly and will give diff examples until you understand. She drops a few quizes and homeworks, gives so MANY extra credit opportunities, and gives previous exams/quizes to guide you. Definently one of the BEST TEACHERS i've had here.
Excellent lecturer. She's humorous, upbeat, helpful and expects you to put forth effort. She is more than happy to help her students in anyway possible such as holding extra help sessions in addition to her office hours.
She really knows how to teach the subject. Great at clarifying the hard stuff, while reinforcing the concepts we need to succeed. Will definitely have her in Calc II!
BEST TEACHER EVER! You really learn a ton in her class, and as long as you do homework and review her old tests and quizzes, its almost impossible to fail. Good sense of humor as well
My favorite professor at UMBC. She gave me extra credit for writing the Integral Test the way Mr. T. would. You have to work hard, but quizzes and tests are related to homework.
She is the best teacher I've never had. If you plan to take calc2 don't hesitate take her
Best math teacher I've ever had. I had never taken Calculus before and I aced out of the final exam. She makes students actually like Calculus. Of course it's a hard subject, but her lectures are great and if you go to class, do the homework, and do the practice quizzes, you can succeed at Calculus.
Great calculus teacher. I took AP calc in HS and got nothing but C's during the whole year (even though I deserved lower). After taking the class with Tighe, everything became much clearer. Know your algebra, do your hw, get help, that's all you really need to do to get an A. If you're bad at math, it'll be a struggle.
Don't get on her bad side. I actually got a C in the class, but lemme let you in on a little secret. If you show up to her office hours, and get help every time she has her office open...she'll raise your grade dramatically. My friend and I were both gettng C's...but since he went to get "help"...his C magically turned into an A.
Mrs. Tighe is the best math teacher I have ever had! She makes a boring subject more bearable, she is also very helpful. She is very upbeat and has the best TAs. I lived in her office, I would sit off to the side and do homework and when I had a question she was right there to help. Mrs. Tighe is the best and I wouldn't take calc with anyone else!
BEST MATH teacher ever. I paid $1000 out of MY pocket to take her calc 2 class over the summer. Calc is not easy but when teacher is nice and is willing to help u every step of the way...its much better. DO NOT take calc with anyone else...Tighe for Calc 1 and 2....and any other subject she teaches :)
I had Mrs. Tighe years ago and still remember sitting in her class, actually understanding calculus. WOOHOO. She is, like everyone else is saying, the epitome of an excellent teacher.
best teacher at umbc
Best.Teacher.EVER. I had her for both Calc I and II and I am certain that you will not be able to find a better teacher. Her class is entertaining, clear, and casual. Very lenient when it comes to grading and class structure. For Calc II i had a 88%, not only did she give me the A, but I was also exempt from the final. TAKE THIS TEACHER!!!!
All that can be said is she's nothing less than the best.
Ms. Tigh is one of the best in her profession. She is the epitome of what a professor should be. Her method of teaching is very understandable and easy which is further complimented by her warm and approachable personality. She brings out the best in her students as long as they do their part.
She's hilarious, interesting, easy to talk to, explains clearly, and will let you know that you have to be absolutley stupid to not understand that for Calculus you have to study a little bit. She is definitley one of the best teachers I ever had.
She is a really great professor. She is really helpful and witty which makes taking Calculus extremely easy. She is great later on with recommendations and with syce your grade if she knows that you try really hard. Work really hard to get an A and there is no final!!!!
My favorite teacher. She is always there to help anyone who wants it and she will give your grade a boost if you improve in the class. The material is hard to understand no matter who you take, but Mrs. Tighe is the best person to take it with. Highly recommend for any class you can get with her.
I loved Ms.Tighe!!! She was an excellent professor and was a huge help.
Ms. Tighe is the sweetest professor, and very helpful!!! She's always in her office to help or just chat. I would definately recommend her to anyone!!!
Mrs. Tighe is the best teacher I have ever had. She is extremely helpful and caring. She welcomes all her students to her office at any time (not just office hours) for help or to chat. And she always has candy for you! Great teacher and person!
Tighe is one of the best professors i've ever had. She is clear, helpfull, and very funny. She also is every lax, she almost always lets us out of class 10 to 15 minutes early. Great teacher, highly recommend!
Great teacher! Class is a little hard, but she tries hard to help you understand it. The best teacher I have ever had!
Awesome professor. The class is real hard but she does her best to help everyone through it.
She is awesome with help and extra study sessions!
Great Prof. Very Clear, very cool.
great teacher
great teacher, really prepares you to go ahead, a lot of hw and often quizzes u
Nicest person you'll ever meet. If you really try, she will not give up on you!
The best math professor I've ever had!
Will help one to succeed in life realistically
Take his class! At first I hated it but in the end I was so thankful to have him! You have 10 hws that are very repetitive and 4 papers. You really will become a better writer and grading couldn't be clearer. You know exactly what you need to do to get an A. Friendly and a little cooky but a great professor. Easy A and worth it :)
Nice teacher. A bit monotonous, but nice nevertheless.
He is intimidating for the first few weeks and you may end up hating him for it, but in the end he is an exceptional teacher who clearly explains the material. I feel that I have a greater grasp on the material because of it. Although he group assignments suck and are tedious.
Killgallon was great. Do your assignments on time, come to class on time and follow the grading goals and you've got an A! Half our class got an A. And he genuinely listens if you have a problem. He only gets upset when students are rude or try to be smart.
This class has been the easiest class I've ever taken. Homework can be done in 15 minutes if you handwrite it and cut all the fat out. Class work is easy as well. He does give you some papers, but if your major requires a lot of writing, it's a good thing. Did NO work, got a B.
Asian Economic History w/ Mitch was a solid class. Lectures were informative. Class itself was simple, two exams and a big paper. Lots of time to review your paper with him.
SUCH A SWEET GUY! Always ready to help students, very knowledgeable. Loves his cat and family. Lots of work and readings; but allows flexibility in deadlines due to pandemic. Will email w you over the weekend if you need help; quick to reply. Always updates BB. B prepared to write a lot & work in groups. B familiar w basic econ frameworks
Very good teacher, but this is a very difficult class to teach. The material can be dry and one part of the students will struggle with what math there is, while the rest will be bored to tears at the slow pace. He explains concepts in multiple ways multiple times and tries to get students engaged. Very approachable. Loved the class but many didn't
Everyone says economics is boring, but the class really went by really fast...I learned so much that I actually changed my major to Economics! If you go to class and take notes and you will have no problems. I never read the book, only consulted it sometimes for problem sets and before tests. I highly recommend this class!
So easy, hard to get one wrong on a problem set or an exam. I only got a few wrong all semester, easy A.
She's the man
One of the best profs i've had. Shes very nice and helpful. She even helped me do a project for another class. Very interesting subject matter.
She's a great teacher. She's so funny and makes the class interesting -- and her Australian accent is so cute! I had a death in my family when the final paper was due and she was so understanding and really helped me out. She's always willing to talk or help you out if you stop by her office after class. The class is a challenge but very fun!
She is an awesome teacher. Even if ur major does not require this class, take it. you will be very inspired. her tests are very easy thanks to her review questions. the papers are also very easy and she will look at as many drafts as you want her to. she will go out of her way to help you any way she can. she rocks!!!
Great teacher, easy exams. Very picky about detail. Mr. Rogers' twin brother!
Very open to other opinions and ideas
Great teacher
This is one of the best math teachers that I've ever had at NU. He explains everything thoroughly and makes sure that you understand everything fully. HIs tests are easy because he gives you a sample test which is the same as the one that he gives, except with different #s. I highly recommend!
Not an easy class. There's a lot of reading, 3 chapters per class or so. However, the class will take over your life, if you don't let it, you will fail. I know several people that failed because they underestimated the exams and never read. So READ and manage your time in exams! Bob is a nice guy with a bad rep. DONT BE LATE, EVER.
Pushes you to your limit but passing is possile. Expects 100% from his student. More focused on "delevoling your mind" then the details. Everything that you learn in his class is relavent and is probably going to be used once you are an accountant. The most inspiring and best class I have ever had but a nightmare for a whole semester.
Bob is a great teacher- he gets a bad rap because will is so high energy that bob ends up being "bad cop" but he really WANTS you to learn and understand and likes top play devils advocate to pull the answers out of you. he does get tricky on exams, but his lectures are truly informative and he's an entertaining guy
Bob is a great teacher because he motivates you to learn. The class is absolutely based on how much you put into it, and he motivates you to put in as much as possible, but not enough to where you feel it's impossible to succeed. He's really mastered the teaching plan for ACCTG 321 and really knows his stuff.
Tough, but a really good teacher. He wants you to understand the material.
All acctg majors must take him. VERY intelligent. Reminds me of my CFO.
Sweetest woman on earth! She is very clear and tries to make everyone understand the terms and topics. She is foreign herself so the class is even more interesting. Take the class, you will learn a lot.
I had Professor Magaldi at UCLA and she & the course were fascinating.
Great guy and is very knowledgeable, but don't ask dumb questions and be prepared to defend any idea you've ever had. Discussions are mandatory, class is not, but skipping lectures makes it impossible to catch up. Funny guy and he really likes old movies, I learned a lot!!
People here seem to think that college isn't supposed to challenge you at all. If you are assigned readings you are supposed to read & analyze them, NOT reading them and being called out for it doesn't make Godfried a bad prof, it makes you a bad student. His classes are challenging , rewarding, & great if you actually care about learning.
I loved Professor Godfried's class. He was so knowledable and interesting to listen to. He was easy to understand, and as long as you worked hard the class was not hard.
I took every class I could from this man because he's so freakin smart. Yes he's sarcastic, but it's FUNNY people, get a brain and a sense of humor. I went on to graduate school in history largely because of the passion for the field he inspired. He's also very nurturing if you give him a chance.
A transformative experience. I became a history major because of him. He's unbelievably brilliant and his research is top-notch. Have you read his book on labor radio?
VERY excited about US history
Really enjoyed the course. He is very knowledgeable and actually knows how to teach. Cares about the student and responds to any emails or questions.
Good professor and an awesome person. Tries to help students as much as possible.
Funny lectures filled with lots of videos (paid attention just for his energy and insight) - deadlines are pretty strict (from what I've heard although it might depend on TA) but gave extensions to class on all 3 assignment. Be sure to start your assignments early and with proper grammar checks if you get hard TAs
Pretty easy course. He assigns the textbook for homework, but you can get away with not reading it. Quizzes and essays were pretty easy and the exam was stupidly easy (5 hours for 25 questions) and everything is open book he says since he couldn't stop you anyway.
Great guy and an easy course. The best mixture you could ask for. Was accessible outside of class too when I ran into problems. 10/10.
Easy class. 3 short essays that were not too difficult. No stress from this course at all.
Thankfully this course was online and attending the lectures was not mandatory or even necessary.
Super easy
I have NO IDEA how someone couldve left a 1.0 rating, this course was a breeze and Alex Ferworn was an amazing and kind professor who made his lectures interesting. The TAs were also great, they were easy markers, and helped keep the Levture interesting as well. You will absolutely have no problem getting a 4.33 with him.
Alex is a one of a kind. He teaches incredibly clear and is very open to answering to any questions either during the lectures or after. He is very accessible and replies clearly to any inquiries. I am looking forward to any future classes with him. A true gem and a great person.
Blessed mans yo. He Loyal. I appreciate him. ANOTHER ONE.
Amazing teacher, knows his stuff too! Lovely examples, and one class you don't wanna miss :D
Are you kidding, he is too buddy buddy? I wish more profs cared and spoke about real issues. You'll learn to appreciate this as you take more classes. The guy is a fantastic professor and knows how to teach. Teaching seems to be a lost art for most university profs.
The only man who can teach your about stack data structures by talking about how he killed his cat. Best prof ever.
Great prof, great class. Very clear about expectations and plus, playing with robots is fun!
If you have got to take C programing (C)., then you have got to take it with this proffesor. He teaches in a very efficient and effective manner. With his great sense of humor, he makes the class Fun to attend.
This guy is hilarious, but honestly he is a great teacher. Always has lots of examples which we can use for everything. As well, he basically starts from scratch with us, which means that if you've never learned C before, you're still good. Best thing though, is that he links everything together so there is a logical thought process. Great prof.
Smart & creative dude. Catches students attention & inevitable help them learn something. Comes up with creative ways of looking at things and doesnt overload students with useless things.
Ferworn is the champ. Very easy on marks, and hilarious in class. Not a traditional teacher. But, if you start C from scratch he is not for you. Make sure you switch to classic prof. like Hamelin.
awesome prof, funny lectures, you gain a lot of weird information (things that you're glad you know, but dont why you need to know them). the course really lets you explore your creative side.
Dr.Ferworn is the best computer science professor at Ryerson. Jump into his class whenever you get the opportunity
what the dillio?
Amazing guy! Haven't had a better prof yet. I hope I get him again for some future courses.
Talked about water on Mars. Threw salt on the floor and asked students to give him money for "classroom exploration". This guy is from space. I like him a lot.
nice guy!
I already know C but not this C. I come just for the stories
Good prof for a change.
Yea, we all know it, Ferworn rocks. :) I'm so looking forward to CPS607.
Amazing compsci prof, hilarious, explains things with analogies to everyday life that make sense!
This course is soooo cool. I don't thinnk anyone else could teach it this way. He is very wierd. He does things in 15 minutes that take hours for other profs. But I think you will either like him or hate him.
Teaches extremely well
Best prof out here. Take his class. There is a very small chance of failing or doing poorly with him. If you work hard..you will do well. He's fair and an excellent teacher. Comp.Sci is tough though and does require lot of effort and dedication!!!
Unquestionably the best prof at this school. The only things I remember about programming are from when I skipped my section to go to his, with about half the rest of my section. Clone him!!!
For sure THE BEST computer science prof at Ryerson!
Actually, he doesn't teach this course any more but I wish he would. The guy who teaches it now could just leave and it would be fine.
I can't believe this guy. Everything he said is like gold. He predicted all the stuff that happened to me and it helped...alot. Thanks Dr. Al.
This course forces creativity. He nearly killed me but I'm stronger. Anyone need a shoebox full of robot parts?
Took all his courses; did my thesis with this guy. This guy rocks!
Best teacher evAR.
Funny stories about bridges...ask him about the civil engineer in the Iraq...F---ing funny...and teaches well!
TAKE HIS CLASS WITHOUT A SECOND THOUGHT. The Best Prof for CompSc! He Is Far Better than Marcus Santos
Holy #$%^&* batman. Where did you find this guy. To all Eng don't waste your time with the rest try the best!
Awesome prof, can be a lil' picky when it comes to assignments but awesome nonetheless. I switched outta Santos's section just for this guy. This guy knows how to teach.. he swears :) Just what you need in a lecture, switch into his section if you can.
He is rude...but he really helps!
Who is this guy and why isn't he like the rest?
He made me write code. Who would have thought?
He should be at yuk yuks!!! so funny. Uses great teaching vices!
Nothing has changed. Doesn't teach enough courses!
I love the explatives, and the action packed classes!
Beats the prof. I just transferred from anyways.
Wow, that was different.
a very good prof, but too many F words during the lecture.
As good as 109 was this was better.
Sorry, screwed up the last rating...that should be smiling!
Took 3 courses of his...He's great.
Who would have thought you can make a robot out of hocky pucks..fabulous prof.
good teacher,hmmm i wonder what else he is goot at?
damn good
Excellent professor
Learn to build a robot that eats and ****s out oranges. GREATNESS!!
this guys is like.... my dad
Not a class for the dopey.
Some kind of cross between a televangelist/pitchman and comic...weird but good
Yeah! Tell it like it is baby!
The best prof ever!
I took this course in first year and Fairworn was the only good thing about it.
Oh my god. I can't believe I got through this. I passed. I passed. Holy $%^&*
Thanks Sir for getting me through this!
Thesis was hard but I learned a lot. Don't take this course if your weak.
Holy %^&* batman, he had comprehensive notes on-line for free!
It was his idea, it was hard, I did it and I learned a lot.
I screwed up his test
This guy is almost too good to be real. Wrote me a letter of recommendation too.
Robotics is Computer Science? Give me a break thats electrical engineering
He's exactly what you need coming out of HS. Great prof. Does CompSci proud.
This is not your normal prof.
Started of his lesson on hashing, talking about hash!
Ya gotta like a guy who explains objects and classes using a potatoe.
Mr. Fatigues. Great Prof... easy going...
no one better to teach programming
I know from personal experience you can't go wrong here! ;-)
Best Prof. at Ryerson Comp. Sci.
Good so far
Very clear presentation without the BS.
Helped me a lot!
What a great professor, loved this class even though it was early. Very chill guy, he's such an interesting person, great personality, and doesn't mind going off on tangents. A really nice guy doesn't mind late work. This guy is probably one of my favorite professors I've ever had.
I took his creative writing class and It was an easy A. For a writing intensive course we did very little writing. We had 6 one page responses and one final project. The final project is 5-8 page nonfiction story. You start it at the beginning of the Semester and have the entire course to finish it. Nice professor but a little spacey.
Ken Norris is the best professor I have ever had and has inspired me to do things beyond myself. His grading is fair, almost too easy and he is willing to do whatever it takes to help the students make the grade.
for the love of god. this guy is awesome. the other reviewers put it well. he's fascinating and his classes are very interesting. i would love to have a beer with him sometime, haha
Ken is the kind of professor you're lucky to encounter once in your college career. His love and knowledge of poetry is infectious, his objectivity is remarkable, and the additional flare of his personal experiences keep things interesting.
This guy knows what he's doing, is awesome at what he does, and is a really nice guy. The class inspired me so much that I stared to self-publish my own books of poetry by around the end of the semester, and it's all thanks to this guy.
Fascinating man....
He is a great teacher who actually has passion for what he is teaching
Ken's a great guy who can actually give a good deal of insight into literature:)
Brilliant, funny, cynical. Critical towards news, research, what she teaches and how she teaches : open-minded and energetic, she gives a demanding but excessively rewarding class. Naysayers will mistake her recent or unconventional data for factual mistakes : please be smarter than that.
It's really too bad she doesn't teach more classes. Absolutely wonderful teacher. Her explanations are clear, fun, and up to date. She has a true passion for teaching as well as for the material she teaches.
wow what a class non cumulative exam but actually forced to think and understand instead of regergitate 100 multiple choice interesting material all great teacher probably my fav class at mcgill so far highly recomended for anyone
Don't know if this matters but Lupien is freaking gorgeous. She gets my testosterone going so much, it shuts down my HPG axis. If I were a woman, I'd have an LH/FSH surge all over her. She's like Celine Dion but: a) HOT b) not old c) SMART and d) FINE
Very interesting teacher. Knows how to grab student's attention and hold it for the duration of the class. Hard exams, but worth studying for. Celine Dion should be proud to have a resemblane to such a cool prof;)
She is one of the best psychology professors CofC has. Exams include a lot of applied material and you do have to study, but class is fun, interesting, and she provides great examples and makes sure you understand the material. A few exams, 4 in class group assignments, and one intervention paper and group presentation. Interesting and worth it!
Easily the best psych prof at the college. Awesome class (Ab Psych)awesome lectures, super helpful and the class is manageable. Take her if at all possible!!!
Great Teacher. Powerpoint Lectures that are very interesting and clear. Multiple Choice Tests that are VERY DIFFICULT. She is very lively, funny, and charismatic. She talks a lot about weed which i thought was interest, lol.
An excellent teacher. You will work, but will learn a ton.
Simonian is really an awesome teacher! In the textbook, the material was honestly a bit dry, but she livens it up considerably in class with real life stories and anecdotes. Her powerpoints are great- but def. read the book (atleast night before (fresh in head) as she does take some specifics in the tests.
great class. i learned a lot. it can be heavier into biology than some other psych courses. tests can be tricky, there are some specific questions straight from the book. she really wants to make sure you understand the material though and is willing to work with you and explain things. one short paper was required, but it wasn't bad. loved it!
Abnormal. Very interesting class. I got a kick out of her... She's fun.
i love her.
She is by far the best Psych prof. at CofC. She explains everything in a way that is easy to understand and tells about her patients to give you examples of what she's talkng about. Tests can be difficult but if you go to class and study your notes you'll do fine.
Excellent professor! Class was fun even though it was at 8. Tests are not too bad but you have to read the chapters. Great class!! Take one of her psych classes and you won't regret it.
Love her...love her...love her!
This class was great. Her tests weren't too bad, to do well you either have to go to class and take notes or read the book. She was very helpful and offered extra credit. Defenently take her!!
fun teacher!
really really nice, not too hard. funny, made class interesting. you need to keep up with your work, but she makes everything interesting enough for you to want to
Informative lectures. Great with students.
Bob is the best, most caring professor at the university
All around amazing person
Literally the best person at Berkeley
Bob's the best :)
Great, nice, friendly, approachable guy. You will play some amazing band repertoire in his class.
Chill guy. Knows his stuff.
Bob is such a chiller.
I had him for both Cal band and Music 142 and he is simply awesome. If he makes fun of you, (actually, he will) just make a counterjoke with his baldness to make a comeback. He is chill, but he does get the job done.
Bob rocks my world! Yeah, keep waving those arms!
Bob is a very very good music teacher, a great guy, and very nice. He really knows what he's doing, he makes class fun (even though it's 2 hours) and he's smart as heck to boot. Really sharp. Seriously. And he's the director of the marching band too, which you should join if you're in any of his classes. He's even better in band. Go bears.
he's an awesome dude! very nice, jokes around a lot. hes a college student trapped in a 55 year old's body. a lot of fun. join cal band! he's totally cool in that. helps people with their love lives.
I don't know... What does Bob actually DO besides wave his arms around every once in awhile?
Bob Rocks, GO BEARS! he's such a hottie too
Bob is great, class is fun while remaining productive.
he's gone, just not retired... will loves him
Funny, hot, what more do you want?
bob is the man! he's got a great sense of humor. he's super-understanding. he loves to joke around but knows how to get shizz done. if bob could teach all of my classes, i would be the happiest person alive.
I loved this class. Segee was very helpful, both in and out of class. The class was not the easiest,we had to apply ourselves in the lab, but the level was not stressful and a feeling of accomplishment was felt after every lab. The project at the end of the semester was 'choose your own', which made the variety of projects really cool. Recommended.
My best teacher so far. He doesn't just sit there and lecture, he interacts and actually learns the stuff with you. You don't feel like he is trying to tell you what to know, but instead works with you. Highly reccomend.
Prof. Segee is really hot!!! Whenever I needed help, he was always happy to accomodate.
one of the most laid back teachers i have ever had, great guy to get more information or just shoot the**** with.
Enjoyed this professor a lot. If you ever get the chance to take one of his classes you won't be sorry.
Very good teacher who is more interested in the topics than in having a structured class, and if you like that then he's very good.
Absolutely one of the best teachers on the planet!
He is the COOLEST PROF. IN THE UNIVERSITY, you will enjoy a class with him.
The best teacher of all time.
Dr. Popavich is the BEST! Highly recommend her class! It is so easy to do well, go to class, take notes on what she says, read the book and study a moderate amount and you'll do FINE! She curves the class from the highest score and there is extra credit. So it is definitely possible to get an A! TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HER!
This is the easiest, most fun class I've had at OU yet, and it was all because of Dr. Popovich. If you're willing to go to class, listen and take notes, take her class.
Don't miss a class, take your laptop and write notes into the outline she puts on blackboard, read the book, and actually study. Putting a decent amount of effort into the class got me an A-. Do the psych experiments too, the papers suck.
As long as you read and take notes, the class is simple as easy. She's very engaging and fun to listen to.
Loved her. Need to keep up on the book but it's an EASY read and interesting at the same time. Attending class is definitely a must because she puts a lot of things from class on the tests. Like I said tho, it's a very interesting course so I never minded going. She actually made me laugh a ton as well.
Wow, some people make this class seem a lot worse than it is. This is my first quarter and I got an easy A. It seems like some people are just really lazy, all you have to do is listen during class and read the book and the test will be a sinch. She explains the material really well and is always around if you need some more help after class.
This is a class of 400 students...but Dr. P is able to teach in a way that makes the class feel like it's just you and the person sitting next to you. She has a lot of experiance and is very knowledgeable in the subject. I respect her and I suggest her to anyone who is interested in taking psychology.
she is very knowledgeable
I like her
She is a great prof! She makes the lectures interesting. You have to study both the notes and the text and the tests are pretty easy.
Are you kidding me? She was one of the greatest profs I've ever had. Everyone thinks the class should be a breeze because it's a 101. Dr. Popovich actually wants you to learn something, and if you take her class, I guarantee you will.
I really enjoyed this class. I thought she had a good teaching style. She may not come across as the nicest lady, but she's a very good Professor!
An outstanding professor. Really seems to know what she is doing and can teach superbly.
What a great way to start my first year at college. I learned a lot from her and her class. It required a some work but i got a B going to class 80% of the time and going over my notes for the tests.
if she were so awful, she wouldn't have been voted professor of the year (by students) last year. yes, her class is HARD and her policies are strict.you have to work extremely hard and it is a big transition from HS, but it will prepare you for college!!
Gives excellent examples, makes psych fun. She is brillant.
Popvich is challenging, but fair. Nobody said college would be easy. Sack up.
Love this professor i really dont know why people complained he gave us so many breaks even let one of our ungrateful student another chance to look at his final at his FINAL! He was very helpful he saw your design talk to you about it and then said be right back came back in 2 minutes with a stack of books giving you more information about ur prj.
Lisa was a super cool teacher and one of my favorites at UCSB. She was patient, caring and always well prepared. Teachers like Lisa should not be taken for granted. UCSB needs more teachers like her.
She's such a great teacher! One of my favorite Econ professors at sb. Her lectures are super clear and she literally only tests on what she teaches. Wish I could take more classes with her!
Best professor I have had at UCSB! She really wants you to succeed in the class. If you go to lecture and pay attention, the tests are a breeze. She tells you exactly what will be on the exams and the exam problems are exactly like lecture, no tricks! She is so helpful in Office Hours. Overall, wish I could take the class again!
You won't need to read the textbook at all, she explains everything perfectly and gives extremely detailed examples on the board. Just copy down everything the way she does it, then do it again just like that on the exams. I honestly don't see why other teachers want to make things harder than she does - the point is to understand the material.
the best instructor in ucsb. easy a
Great teacher! Goes over material then does a lot of examples in class.
Maass is an awesome prof. She just teaches you what you need to know, nothing more and nothing less. Her tests are straight to the point, with no tricks in them. She doesn't use ppt slides, she just writes everything on the board, which I loved because I learned a lot more, and I payed attention. She gives a lot of partial credit on exams!
She's a chiller. Easiest accounting class in the 136 series. Gives out past exams to study off of and the midterms and finals are pretty much the same format. Reading isn't necessary.
Lisa Maass is a sweet professor, who cares about her students passing. She's very straight forward in tests with no "trick questions" and partial credit everywhere so even if you don't get the right answers, you can get close to an A. 2 midterms and a final. All are non-comprehensive.
Maass is great, very straightforward about what is going to be on the test and if you did well on 137A you would well on 137B as well since the way the class is structured is almost equal, she goes thru problems that are going to be on the test on lecture so its important to attend, also she gives a lot of practice midterms DO THOSE PRACTICE tests!
She is very helpful and really cares for her students. Her tests are easy as long as you go to lectures and really do the past exams that she provides. One of the best accounting professors at UCSB!
Great Professor. Very straightforward and uncomplicated class. Exams are nearly identical to practice tests and averages are usually high; so don't underestimate your classmates. Also, be sure to get notes from any lectures you miss from a classmate. Don't learn the hard way as I have.
DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK!!!!! Everything you need comes from in-class examples and past exams. Lisa is super nice and is great an answering emails and questions in OH's. Wish she could teach more than just 136B and 137B!!! UCSB needs more instructors like her!!
Very good professor. Tests are just like practice tests, and in-class examples. Going to class is not necessary if you have a book.
GREAT econ professor. SO clear, SO easy to understand. TOTALLY reassured my happiness in Accounting. i <3 Maase!!
Great professor. Her lectures are very clear and organized. Her test are very straight-forward unlike some other accounting professors who try to trick you. Plus you're allowed to have one page of notes on the exams. She is very friendly too. If you have the chance to take a class with her, do it!
best class ever. she gives you a note card (full page) cheat sheet for the midterm and final. everything is clearly spelled out, she loves the material and she is awesom!
Maass is the accounting Prof to take! She makes difficult concepts easy to understand- lecture very helpful. Make sure to study the old exams and you'll get at least a B in the class.
Lisa is undoubtedly the best accounting instructor at UCSB, even better than all the econ professors I've had in 4 years. she is extremely straightforward, kind, helpful, and clear. go to lecture, study old exams & you're guaranteed at least a B. she is so structured that it can be boring at times (my only criticism), but she's always there 4 you
I did her honors section. she is very nice and helpful. If you don't go to class, you will spend hours trying to review and understand what you could have gotten in an hour of lecture. REALLY must go to her classes. if you do, you don't even need to study; just review and make a note sheet. Group project is important, so start early
Very straightforward but you have to go to lecture because she doesnt post them online! Midterm and final are very straightforward...study off old tests on ERES!
The best teacher I have ever had ever since I came to UCSB!! She makes 'accounting' so interesting and you would just love the class and can't stop studying!:)
very informative and fathomable lectures. I have the book if anyone is interested. alikhan90301@yahoo.com
i've had maass for 4 out of 9 accounting classes. she's my favorite professor in the accounting department
I love lisa... she is a great teacher
Easy, but sit in the back to avoid turning into stone. Medusa lives!
She is very clear with her teaching and what you should expect on the tests. Make sure you study her old exams. The midterm was kinda easy, but the final was exteremely difficult.
first half was easy but second half was a different format than old classes, the department changed what was taught the last few weeks making the old test she gave us to study worthless. pay attention and its pretty easy.
Very clear in class, material and test straight to the point. One of the best instructors for econ majors.
very nice, great stories
Very nice lady, has tons of experience and really knows her stuff. Designs the class so no one has to read.
She is a very nice lady. Copy the practice midterms on your cheat sheet, all her tests are the same. Her classes are straight-forward and she teaches clearly. I actually enjoyed this class.
She seems very nice
Excellent instruction, works hard to incorporate latest research into course material, engages class in discussion, has a sense of humor, clear rubrics
He provide clear and concise directions for assignments. Takes the frosting away and gives it to you the way it is! Class was a blast! I learned a great deal and had fun at the same time! This is a class to take even if you don't need it!
A great teacher!
Dr. Salyer is my favorite person at this whole university because he cares so much about the students and is very real with his content. If you are having any problems with assignments just talk to him and he'll help you come up with a solution.
He truly cares about his students and has a great sense of humor. Dr. Salyer is one of the best math teachers I've hard. He is just great at teaching math and you can tell he loves what he does.
One of my top favorite professors in my 4 years here. He has so much wisdom to offer and we do awesome activities. He is great because he still works in the schools with students every week and always has updated information about what is going on in the education world. I wish I could have him for all my classes! Great class! Tests are open note.
One of the best and most enjoyable professors on campus. If more professors were like him, college could be that much more educational and fun.
He was an awesome and funny teacher. He made class interesting and fun!!
Great professor, always entertaining, happy, and a lot of fun!
pretty good guy and teacher
The best! Highly recommend taking his classes.
Hands down one of the greatest Professors, he doesn't play stupid games. Genuine professor who is not concerned with the things other Professors find crucial to giving you a miserable college experience. I hope Professors read these so that they can see what students think of them, and I believe everyone should think this great man.
Best teacher on the face of this earth. He is interested in in making sure all of his students leave his class a better writer and he uses fun interesting ways to do so. He doesn't treat class like its his job, he seems to enjoy instilling knowledge and that is the true mark of a great teacher.
THE BEST TEACHER IVE HAD AT TOWSON. He is so laid back, and just wants you to understand the course concepts. He gives great feedback and is generally interested about that you are saying. COnnects with every single one of his students. TAKE HIM!!!
Hands down one of the best classes I've yet to take! If you love writing and have to take EDUC301, TAKE HIM! He is so passionate about the material and brings a lot of excitement. I usually looked forward to this online class more than any of my other classes. He can take awhile to get grades back to you, but it won't matter--you'll love the class!
He is the best professor. Take him, you will actually enjoy taking his class. I never used to like to write but i actually liked to write in his class. I took a lot out of this class. Plus its online so for those who have to menage timing due to work, this is the best class to take
Take this class. No questions. Totally open to everyone's opinions and willing to listen. Writing is made fun and interesting.
Rus is *amazing*! The first day of class, he spent 15 minutes making sure we all knew each others' names. All of our assignments are fulfilling. It's really too bad that Rus' class is moving online next semester-- I've been at Towson for years and he is definitely my favorite professor.
THE MAN!
THE greatest writing professor/teacher I have ever had, period. Makes writing thoughtful and easy.
fantastic teacher...he understands writing doesn't always have to be a pain. best teacher i've had in towson
GReat glass...He is more like a student/mentor since he's very laid back and knowledgable. Makes writing easy, assignments very clear! Food each week too! Take this class over any other advanced comp. course!
amazing guy!
Boring. He rambles on, but if you try its an easy A
relaxed writing atmosphere...even for the writing impaired.brings food!
AWESOME TEACHER. You learn alot. Laid Back class.
Professor Tara is a great professor. Her class that I took last semester isn't listed here (Misinformation in Media). I learned so much and it is easily one of the best CAMS courses I've ever taken. Highly recommend.
I have taken her 3 times. She can be boring as a person and somteimes the class drags on. That being said she is down to earth and will spend time with you in office hrs. Also unlike the rest of the cntv faculty there is no ego. She is a very nice person too.
The most intelligent and least self-absorbed of all the CNTV professors.
This professor does not properly lecture about topics discussed in the beginning of class. Often times, she is rude to students and seems to pick in certain students. I would not recommend this professor if you are trying to learn something new.
Excellent Teacher! She is witty, fun, and doesn't take any crap. Has a lot of great stories that she can relate to the class. Assignments are fair and the class isn't too difficult as long as you pay attention.
Ms. Firlej is one of the best teachers at PUC and clearly the best in the marketing department. She make you work hard, but in the end you earn you grade and you learn a lot. She truly care about student's knowledge and she prepare for the real world. I have no words to thank Ms. Firlej for all the passion and dedication she puts in the class. Howe
Good
Highly recommended professor if you plan on working in marketing after graduation.
Karr is an intelligent teacher. You have to do the reading. There are only a few papers and tests but if you go to class and read, you'll be fine. I found I made an A pretty easily... not to mention I learned a lot and I was very interested in his discussions.
He's boring, but fair. There is alot of reading, but he goes over the reading in class so it's not really necessary. He's nice and is very willing to give help to anyone who needs it. Pay attention and do the homework or he'll kick you out of class.
He requires that you do a lot of work to get an "A" in his class. If you pay attention, do the assignments, and participate; you should get at least a "B". Be forewarned though, he will keep you in class for every last minute if not later; so don't schedule a class across campus unless you don't mind being late.
Mr. Karr is a great teacher.
Great prof! He is very willing to help you out on your papers for his class. He tells you what you need to do to make it better and what you've done wrong.
Professor Pryor is great. He is older, but has been at Towson for many years. He knows what he's doing. The class is quite lecture heavy, so prioritize going to class... it will help tremendously. He only has 3 exams as well as 2 short essays. The exams are lengthy and pretty challening so be prepared for that.
Prof. Pryor is one of the best professors I've ever had. He makes the class very interesting and funny to attend, and the content is fascinating and presented in a very easy to understand manner. There's a lot of required reading, but it's still covered in class, so as long as you're on top of that it's great! Few assignments and 3 exams required.
Prof Pryor is by far the best Prof I have had. He is kind and caring towards his students he wants everyone to get an education. He is very knowledgeable in what he teaches. He only assigns 3 think exercises which are at least 3 page written papers but you only have to do at least 2 of them to pass, they are easy. Tests are very demanding so study!
Take this class. Attendance isn't mandatory and all the lecture notes are posted online. There is a book, but you do not have to read to get an A. Just study for the three main exams, and you'll be fine, and he curves the exams.
Hes such a sweet man. Yes theres a textbook but he provides great PowerPoints that can be used instead of the textbook. Do the study guides he gives, theyre just like the test. Also do the forums theyre all extra credit.
You're graded on two exams, three think exercises, and weekly discussions. The exams are open notes, and you have 2 hours for the final. He gives feedback on your discussions, which is helpful. You also have an opportunity for extra credit. He is super nice, but doesn't really hold your attention. You really have to force yourself to pay attention
Dr. Pryor is awesome! He is so knowledgable and loves to teach. There were 2 tests and a final and 2 papers. His tests are tough, but fair. If you go to class and study for exams, they won't be too bad. He is so funny and nerdy, I would definitely take him again.
He's an awesome teacher. Take his class. He's funny and not too difficult.
HE IS GREAT!!! Must take. You will be good as long as you take notes... EVERYTHING he says. Also, must read the books. If you don't miss class he gives you 8 extra points and two points if you keep your name tag for the whole semester. He was very helpful and cares about his students a lot. Go to his office hours if you need to!!!
Dr. Pryor is amazing. He is so knowledgable and tries to make the class interesting. If you want to do well though, you have to do the readings and go to class. You have to take notes on every single thing he says in class. If you do, you'll do fine. Not an easy class if you aren't willing to put in the work. But if you do, you'll love his class!
Write down everything that comes out of his mouth. EVERYTHING. His exams are 125 questions but there not hard if you study for them. He gives an 8 page study guide which is basically the whole test. If you fill that out then youll do great. One paper that is not longer than 6 pages. Overall awesome class very interesting.
Great professor. So knowledgeable and really cares for his students. Midterm & final - allows notecard. Debate. 1 short paper and 1 long one. Offers extra credit. He is an incredible teacher, even if you don't need this class - take it.
great teacher! just take good notes and actually study and read and you'll do great! gives extra credit if you miss no classes or only a few, lets you use a notecard for exams, and is available to meet with for missed notes! interesting topic and he is very knowledgableand makes it fun!
Great teacher. Always willing to help. Tests were easy but the study guides were a pain. Overall good class I got an A.
I really like this teacher you should take him. Social Dev. class is real interesting you learn about topics that are really different.
Great professor, good class very interesting. All test come straight from your notes, so no excuses if you don't pass. If you don't pass, then you're just lazy.
Wonderful professor. The class is hardly boring. I have learned so much in this class and I would definitely take another class from him.
This class was hard, but really interesting. Nothing out of the ordinary for a 300 level class. Do NOT take it in summer - too much info to memorize!!!
Great teacher. Very intelligent. Has fun in class. Learn a lot. Talk about current events in crime. Is there to help you. Deserves to be dept. head. Take his classes!!!!!
Intelligent and loves to teach and it shows. If youre interisted in the material, youll do fine. Absolutly need to study & read, but its fine. Youll walk out knowing a lot more. Highly recommended.
Excellent prof, difficult, fair. If you think he is hard, don't go to grad school. Pay attention and learn something.
This professor is by no means an easy A, but is well worth your time and effort to take his course. Dr. Partridge expects you to read the book and study and do many problems. You have to do your part. This professor is knowledgeable and also entertaining. Highly recommend.
He is a very good math teacher. His bad reviews aren't being very fair, maybe you took highschool calc, and what he's doing is more advanced, but that doesn't mean he's being nonsensical. Also - no language barrier.
A good teacher, but very demanding
Justin is a great professor! The class was very interesting, and he's very experienced at teaching it. The homework was some small responses, a few medium-sized assignments, and a big final project and paper. The tests weren't super hard if you study, and he allows you to retake them with any notes or help you need for half credit back.
take this instead of 112 or 122, if you have ap credit. you will learn a lot and do well in the class. just do all of the owl homework.
He allows you to take every test twice to help with test anxiety
Prof Fermann is just a great chemistry professor. Homework was from the online textbook, but he allowed full late credit and wants his students to learn rather than feel pressured to meet deadlines. His lectures utilize real world applications and were great for learning (beware of chapter 17: buffers if this is your first time taking chem) :D
Great Professor. Good Gen-Ed to take for Physical Sciences. Easy to get an A, but you have to do the work. Tests are done in a group setting, and they are very doable if you study beforehand.
Fermann is super caring for his students. You can tell he has his best interest in your success, not just for this class, but outside as well. Exams are pretty easy for this course & he is lenient with the grading & time to complete homework assignments. I think lectures are good for visual learners, but not the most helpful. Highly recommend!
Justin Fermann is awesome, easily one of the best professors at UMass. I have had him for Chem 111 and now 391AH, he's really good for both. Very kind and truly cares about his students.
His class was my favorite of the semester. While the theory and conceptual work behind the course content was at a high level, Justin made learning these concepts very engaging. He obviously had a good understanding of the material and was open to fun, spontaneous discussions in class. Attendance wasn't mandatory but I wouldn't recommend skipping.
Everyone should take this class, he makes beer, do blacksmith, blow glass and make ceramic in class. It's the most fun class in umass ithink
Justin is clearly a very knowledgeable professor who has an answer to every question. Great course for chemistry majors who scored a 4 or 5 on the AP Test, which covers the content of both semesters of gen chem at a higher level. Tests were take home.
Dr Fermann (Justin) is one of the kindest professors at UMass. His lectures are very interesting and he is happy to help. Go to his office hours, they are a gem! His exams are hard and can have some unlearned info in them though. The OWL homeworks suck but those are given by the dept so you can't avoid them. I would highly recommend.
He is an amazing prof. He is incredibly understanding, and cares that his students understand the material. Very fair and reasonable (especially during pandemic). An amazing lecturer - I left every lecture feeling like I learned something useful. If you're scared to take him at 8am - trust me, this is a professor that is worth waking up early for.
He's rad
Im just going to keep this short and sweet, if it is worth it to wake up for a 8 am class then it is this one
Prof. Fermann is the best choice for honors chem. He really cares about you and tries to explain everything in a deeper level to make sure you really understand the material and phenomena behind the basics of chemistry. He likes the physical/math side of things and teaches that way the most but he will always try to help your grade whenever he can.
Justin seriously was amazing. I took his chem 101 science of craft class and it was great. He was nice and funny and made an 8:30 lecture not as bad as it should have been. It was hard to do poorly on his tests because it was a 50/50 test where you take it individually and then with a group and he averages it to get your grade.
Fermann is the best choice for honors chem. He really cares about the student and makes you work for your grade, but also you learn a lot. He teaches chemistry from more of the physical and theoretical point of view to apply to general chemistry topics so you get a deeper understanding, and it really makes you question and think differently.
He teaches chemistry from a physics perspective, because he performed chemical physics work in his post-doc. It makes the class a little different, but he gives you a genuine understanding of the world, jumping from model to model of the atom. It can be difficult because this is vastly different than high school AP. Also, the two exams are tough.
Love this man. He has a heart of gold. Sometimes his lectures may seem unorganized but it all comes together at the end and they way he teaches is actually super helpful once you catch on to his teaching style. Nicest dude ever.
The man is amazing. He was my advisor (and my actual advisor) for NSO. I knew then that I'd be willing to wake up for his 8:00am WMF. He's extremely helpful, always there during office hours, and is just a really cool guy. I'm 100% taking his 122H class next semester. The tests are hard, but he really wants you to succeed and will help you do so.
He is such a nice guy and really cares about your learning. Attendance isnt mandatory, but you want to go just because he's that nice.
Best teacher I've ever had. Learned more from this course than any other.
He's freaking awesome. He teaches the material with a passion and goes out of his way to engage the class. He inspired my interest in chemistry.
Extremely knowledgeable and one of the best professors I've had. Makes you think about what you're doing and makes you work for your grade. Puts extraordinary amount of effort into transferring information to the students in the class, and gives all students an opportunity to succeed.
really great professor. at first i didnt know what i had gotten myself into but if you show up for class, put in effort, and study, then you should have no problem. studying is huge with his exams. He's big on understanding general concepts and applying them. awesome class
Lectures are really interesting to attend. Not the typical monotone, boring lecturer. Very supportive and speaks in terms students can comprehend. I would go back to him for any Chemistry help in the future. We primarily use OWL for homework.
such a good professor!! take chem 111 with fermann if you can...very intelligent, clear with his explanations, gives practice tests similar to his exams. go to class and you will do well.
Best chem teacher ever. I usually hate chem, the most tedious of all the sciences. However, I loved this class. I feel like I've learned more in this than in any other science class I've taken. Fermann is funny and will go out of his way to help you. He is currently up for UMass's yearly 'best professor award,' and I hope he gets it.
The class is definitely difficult, but he is very willing to help you understand the material. He uses a lot of helpful visual demos. He is very approachable and helpful. If you make the effort, you will do well in his class. In general, he is just a very good teacher.
He is an awesome teacher. He explains chem so easily and it's hard not to do well in the class. His tests are pretty much the same every year and last years are posted online. so you can get an idea of what the test is going to cover.
Fermann was the best chem teacher I have had. He incites interest and genuinely loves what he teaches. A good professor to teach a foundation for chemistry- especially if you are going on to more complex chem classes...
Great teacher. Pick him if you can.
LOVED him LOVED him!! He is super nice,understanding and helpful!!!AWESOME GUY!
Fermann is an awesome teacher. He is SO funny and is always excited about chemistry. His tests are tough but fair, just do the owls and the old practice tests and go to his reviews. Hes hott too.
Don't understand why this man doesn't have a two digit hotness rating - he so merits one.
He's an awesome teacher and explains everything really clearly and stops to answer questions and make sure everyone understands. The class definetly goes at a good pace but you have to attend class to do well. Exams are okay and he grades very fairly. If you don't like chem, take it with him
Fermann is an awesome teacher. He explains everything very clearly and his practice tests are just like the actual tests just a little bit harder. Take this class with him!
No doubt he is a hard prof, but it is a foundation course and ferman did an amazing job at teaching it. in order to do good in his class DO THE OWLS, GO TO CLASS, and if u'r aiming for an A than do the problems in the back of the book.
Best Prof at Umass as well
Not a class where you can slack off, but you shouldn't slack in a foundation course anyway, makes you work but isn't that what you're here for? Very helpful, not condesending even though he could be.
way to go Fermann!
He's an awesome professor. He is the only person I've known who can explain the quantum mechanical basis of chem clearly. The tests are challenging, but help you think like a chemist. He also has a great sense of humor, and is not condecending like other super bright professors.
too hard
This class was awesome
Justin is a great professor. his class is extremely challenging, but he is willing to take time out of his schedule to meet personally with students and give them the help they need.
Challenging class, yet he makes it interesting. He definitely puts in a great amount of effort, which makes you try harder. I'd recommend him.
Fermann is the best chem proffesor ive ever had. He really knows his chemistry and he actually makes it interesting. One of the few classes I actually looked forward to going to. (Along with Bio 100 with Randall Phillis)
Great professor who really knows his chemistry. Exams can be challenging if you don't prepare yourself well. Good notetaking is vital!
very funny, makes class very interesting
Fermann's the best!
Dr. Kelley is a great professor, his lectures are interesting as he works in the field and talks about his experiences. He has a dry sense of humor and this class is one of my favorites. However, by no means is this class easy. Exams are HARD- but read the old exams, questions are reused A LOT. To pass you MUST GO TO CLASS and take good notes.
You want to take this guy for Geology. Hes a roit and very helpful
Dr. Carroll, for teaching our class in a new format for the 1st time, was/is a wonderful professor. She made sure we understood the material we went over and reinforced it with case studies and other informative articles. Highly recommend taking a course from her when she teaches, which isn't often given her responsibilities as an associate dean.
She is a great professor. She really explains things well and actually teaches, and doesn't just read from slides. Because of this, you really don't need the book. The tests are not that hard either. As long as you go to class, and do the hw and practice exams, you should at least get a B.
The material in the class was very hard but she explains stuff well. Her class isn't hard and she won't cut you slack with grading, but she is very fair and if you need help she'll be more than glad to help you out. If you're willing to do the work her classes are well worth it.
She is a very caring teacher. The class is very difficult so you must put in the effort. She is tricky so make sure to understand the concepts very well. She really wants you to do well so if you need help, don't hesitate to ask. Good luck.
Exceptional clearity on materials. Wrote her own textbook that I consider as one of the best, or simply the best. Exams are kind of hard, but if you grsp her testing style it's piece of cake. very helpful and explains material very clearly. class is engaging, and sometimes are quite enjoyable.
NICE CLASS, HELPFUL TEACHER. WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK FOR?
ONE OF THE BEST PROFESSORS i'VE HAD. I DEFINITELY THINK IF YOU TRY HARD, YOU COULD LOVE ECONOMICS
Material is very easy. Shows plenty of examples in class. Posts practice exams on blackboard. If you actually do the practice exams, then the actual exams should be no problem. Good professor.
As an FIEC major it is always a joy to have a teacher who is knowledgeable about what he teaches. Lamdin is one such teacher. he is genuinely interested in his material and constantly brings his own experiences into class. If you put effort into the class you will get an A even if you skip on occasion. Will be taking more classes with him
The material covered in this class is hard, but he explains everything very clearly. Just follow his notes, you don't even need to buy the book. The exams (2 mid-terms and final)are not bad, learn from old exams. Project(just one) is easy, just follow his instructions. You don't need to show up for class, but it would be better if you did.
He was very nice and helpful. If you use the exams as study tools, you will do well.
Really easy! Just go to class and study the exam reviews
Best Prof ever!
Great guy. Really concerned with students progress and the work that he does as both a teacher and professor. Tests are easy if you study the notes. Field trips are cool. If you have a chance, take one of his courses
Take a course offered by Chris Burris.
Just plain good lecturer. I found myself studying for other courses, and constantly making connections back to this course and specifically to items covered in lecture. I really wish I could've taken this course in person, but even online I still found the lecture to be highly engaging just because the way the info was presented.
One of the most charismatic lecturers I've ever had. His class was interesting and he didn't glorify anything or be insensitive in any manner. The tests were engaging, and they asked you to think more than memorize. I would sit in any class lectured by him
Incredibly intelligent and so knowledgeable and passionate about what he teaches. Also a really engaging speaker. Found the tests really hard though. A lot of what I felt were smaller details from the textbook so you need to be really thorough when reading, making notes, and studying. He doesn't post the slides and attendance is really a must.
Fantastic class. my favourite of my entire undergrad career. highly recommend.
Burris is a very good lecturer, one of my favourites so far. He does have a bad rep for having very difficult tests, however it just requires a specific type of studying. Instead of memorizing what he says in lecture you just have to really think about all the material and try to make connections. Do this and you will be fine, I finished with a 90!
Prof. Burris is easily the best professor I've had so far here at UW. He's engaging, witty, and extraordinarily insightful. I often heard my classmates complain about the ambiguity of his test questions, but I think those complaints came more from people who hadn't studied properly than from those who truly knew the material well. LOVE HIM.
I am in Arts and Business CO-OP and I took this course during the spring term. I have heard amazing things about Professor Burris and he did not disappoint. I did extremely well in this course (100 percent) and I had an amazing experience with this Prof. His lectures were clear and concise. The slides he used were really helpful.
The way he lectures is interesting and easy to digest. The courseware is really important. If you read it, understand it and can summarize what all the ideas are then you will be able to answer all the questions on them. Some questions on the tests clearly test your understanding rather than memorization. Understanding is the key.
Best prof! If you can take a class with him do it! He's super funny, and such a nice guy. Tests aren't too hard as long as you read the text, or at least understand the material. I would take a class with him again any day
did an amazing job with both 218 & 232. :)
He's the BEST PROF EVER. He's amazin, his lectures are so entertaining and funny. GO TO CLASS AND READ THE TEXT BOOK!!!! No slacking. Honestly, He's the best prof ever!!...And He IS HOT!!! Whats wrong with you people?!?!?! Don't pretend like you didn't dig the black outfits and the saucy scarves!!!!!!
Best prof I have had yet. I would be excited to come to class just to see what strangeness he would come up with - or whether he'd be wearing black again (he always wears black!). His tests are very heavy on applying concepts, so you need to know your stuff, but luckily he makes that easy for you :)
My favourite Prof of all time! I had him last year in my 1st semester - what a way to enter university!! Every one of his lectures was amazing, engaging, and hilarious! A real treat to attend. And the textbook was terrific - the only class where I actually looked forward to readings! Tests were fair if you did the readings and went to class.
Amazing and Entertaining!
Gives great lectures, really great. however his tests are killer. I would love to take more classes with him but his tests are to hard on my gpa
he was a great teacher! probably one of the best ive had. hes really interesting and creative and energetic. he explains things very well and in different ways to help you understand. the tests were not that great, however, and not very clear.
BEST PROF EVER!! sooo good! hilarious! and helpful, full of useful study tips, tests are hard but not unreasonable. loooooved him so much! looking forward to taking more classes with him!
great guy!
AWESOME prof. Hilarious and makes learning enjoyable and easy.
Simply one of the best lecturers I've had. Clear and entertaining lectures, but do make sure you know the material for tests - even though they were multiple choice, they weren't cakewalks. What other prof could pull off a blazer/Morrissey shirt combination?
Excellent professor. He did a great job at teaching PSYCH 101. His lectures are very interesting, a real quirky guy. If you go to lectures and read the text, you'll be fine.
awesome.
AMAZING Prof! He was so funny! Really cares about his students. His exams were difficult but if you do the readings and go to class and actually pay attention it's not that bad. Made me want to go to class.
Excellent prof!! Very entertaining classes with alot of morbid humour mixed in. The mullet is just the icing on the cake!
The funniest guy ever, class is so much fun! Tests are hard but that just means you have to study. I learned SO much from this guy!
Most amazing prof imaginable, the guy is absolutely hillarious and gives very relevant examples that stick. I've had friends who weren't even in the class come to the lectures out of interest. Tests - study in terms of application, not memory work.
POWER TO THE MULLET! An awesome prof! One of his classes is a must. This particular class was alot of work but an applied learning process instead of theorectical; it had a lot of hands on group work which was beneficial. Prof Burris is funny, memorable, and fair. Try to take one of his classes!
Awesome prof!! Would recommend him to anyone. His lecutres are hilarious and he definitely keeps your attention. Tests are challenging though so you have to know your stuff.
He is amazing! Never have I been more intrigued by a teacher!
Easy if you pay attention. Willing to help, but don't just jump him in the halls! Witty and brilliant. Mullets are awesome!
Great prof. Very well organized course. Entertaining classes, even though they're huge.
He is a hilarious prof. He uses awesome examples and most of what he talks about is crystal clear. He is definitely one of the best
INCREDIBLE professor! People that say he is hard to approach don't know what they are talking about. Classes were more fun then they were work. Understand the concepts, don't just memorize them for the tests.
Super prof, funny guy, makes things clear and easy to understand through hilarious examples. Awesome mullet to boot. But remember to study for tests!! Understand, dont memorize.
Great class. I've learned sooooo much! The way his delivers lectures allow for easy understanding. Definitely one of the best profs I have ever had.
Interesting,smart,funny!Go to his class just to LEARN, rather than try to write everything down;it's much easier,because u'll UNDERSTAND what he's teaching and have the main points written down to remind urself when studying for tests (+ glance over text)
Tests are more difficult than it sounds. But he's a great guy with an extraordinary sense of humour. Recommended if you actually wanna learn something.
A genius in a mullet. Love him!
Great lectures, gives good examples, VERY HARD EXAMS, go to class/study hard!
Very wacky, funny. Fairly easy too (I went but hardly worked).
this man is a genius!! If everyone taught like him, I'd stay in school forever.
ALL EXCELLENT! very very funny, great prof, 100%mc exams,study hard and do well!
Great lecturer. Intertaining, intelligent and knowledgeble.
Awesome Teacher, funny and interesting, mmmmmmmmmmmullets!!
very strange but very good.
Great classes that are entertaining; Great examples; midterms can be tough
Great prof. Entertaining. Can be a little weird. Hard.
Amazing Prof!
Great charisma and very fair in marking
Excellent lecturer.
He's a great professor. He inspired me to become a creative writer.
Great professor
Professor schneider, while being really funny has made me enjoy english again. If you take his class in engwr 300 he allows you to get creative with your writing by choosing most of your own topics with the 5 assigned essays. He is a stickler for grammar so i took wac with this class which counts as ec as well. He is a great teacher!!
Professor Schneider is incredibly kind and wants you to pass his class. He gives tons of extra credit and not to mention he's hilarious. He gives lots of great feedback that genuinely helps. Just a great teacher. Would definitely take his class again.
I love professor Schneider! If you want to become a good writer, then take his class. He gives a lot of extra credit, so do it! He truly cares about his students, and wants to make sure people succeed, however, this is not an easy A. He's the best professor I've ever had! He is well organized and gives great feedback.
I'm lucky to have taken my classes with Harold. He really cares about his students achieving their potential. Visit him in office hours. He will go over your papers and help you understand what to do better. Easy going and very down to earth gentleman.
I love this Professor! He made me actually enjoy writing. Only 5 essays on interesting topics and a few reading analysis papers which were easy. I found him very funny and witty. He is a stickler for grammar, so if you really want to improve on that he's a huge help. You can miss 3 classes before he docks points. SEE HIM IF YOU'RE STRUGGLING!
This is by far, my most favorite English professor. He is very kind and nice, and he doesn't rush. I received outstanding grades. He is clear, and answers students' questions. Sweet old man.
So I'm not a fan of comp., and therefore took English last. However, words can't do justice to the character of Prof. Schneider. Exceedingly kind, helpful, and funny, he makes it not just tolerable but enjoyable. I saw incorrect postings about attendance with regards to his class, it's standard rules. He doesn't dock for 2 missed classes (maybe 8?)
Professor Schneider is great. I took him this semester, and I haven't regretted it even once. For 300, you have to write 5 papers and 4 reading responses. It might sound a lot, but it is not (trust me). Moreover, the paper's topics are really interesting , self revealing, and insightful. Well, if you have to take 300, take it with Schneider!
I was on the verge of not passing this class because of my grammar but this professor helped me through it he did everything he can to pass me he's super cool just be ready to put in the work I enjoy this class whoever wrote bad reviews just wasn't trying Harold is awesome!
After taking 301 with Schneider my writing has improved tremendously. The skills I learned in Schneider's class have transferred to every class I have taken and helped me become a much better student.
Schneider is the zen master sensei of English literature, creative writing, and grammar. I first entered his class full of bad habits in my writing picked up from grade school. Schneider guided me through my transition into writing at the college level and beyond. You must take his class. It will change your life.
One of my favorite professors still!! Took him a couple semesters ago and loved the class. Prof Schneider really cares about his students and is passionate about teaching. One of the best qualities in a professor. His lectures are very deep and eye-opening, and I don't know what people are talking about, I loved his voice.
BEST PROFESSOR!! If you can't get into his class upcoming semester wait till the next opportunity! He gives a very refreshing and creative aspect to writing. Focuses on just getting you to express yourself. Always organized and answers emails. You can actually tell he enjoys teaching and cares for his students.
Harold Schneider is very good professor, he is easy to understand and passionate about his teaching. He cares about each student and he does what he can to help his students to succeed. He is awesome!!!
Great Professor, He was very easy to understand and very funny. I really liked the journal writing. I really enjoyed the class I also learned alot.
Professor Schneider is awesome! I've learned so much from this man in just one semester. Yes, his voice is very soft and monotoned which can be boring at times but he's very funny and tries to keep the class entertained. He has a passion for teaching. Does all he can to make sure his students understand his lectures. Highly recommend him!
I absolutely love this Professor! He's extremely helpful and will try his best to make sure you are understanding his lectures. Don't take his kindness for granted. He's the sweetest and most caring professor that I've come across since coming to ARC. Uses the book almost every day and allows you to re take tests for better grades!
Professor Schneider is the best professor I've had at ARC. He is so helpful and is passionate about what he teaches. He is quirky, funny and charming. Not too much reading but a few essays where he is willing to help. Definitely recommend taking ANY class with Professor Schneider!
I love this guy. dont take Mr. S for granted because he is easy and soft spoken. This guy will encourage you to write. I never had so much fun in English. He challeneges you and keeps the topic fun. He might be a little borning at times but how can you expect to make english more fun then he makes it? Overall Easy teacher!
all i can say is i absolutely LOVE SCHNEIDER!!!!!!!! He is awesome and the best... all who doesn't agree, your just boring and have problems. Schneider is a serious professor and works hard for his students to succeed. if you take learning to heart, you will learn and take his strategies with you in all your future classes. thank you schneider.
the best Proffesor ever he's great he's very professional he explains things clear he's class never gets bored because he's very funny I had the chance to take 102 with him I wood I will be taking English 300 with him please take he's class you won't regret it :) he's also on wac where student can make app one on one that's how students learned mor
This class is an easy A if you get the concept. The lessons are easy and so as the chapter tests. Professor does a great job on teaching and have a great sense of humor along with it.
The best professor on campus. Prof. Schneider has an awesome sense of humor and often makes his class laugh. Very creative and organized, answers emails immediately, has a variety of topics to choose from for essays. He genuinely cares about students and always helps. If he would teach other classes, I would take all classes from this great guy!!!!
He is a great teacher that pushes you out of your comfort zone and expects your best. I have grown so much as a writer from him! I enjoy poetry now because of him. He is so intelligent, funny, approachable, organized, and just an all around great man! If you want to learn and become a better writer, take his class!!
He is so NICE!! He wants to help everyone in his class! he wants you to pass just as much as you want to pass! he cares about everyone in his classes! I learned so much is his class I would take all my classes from him if i could! he is AWESOME! and he is pretty funny too! :)
Communicates like a professional because he is one. Gives great feedback. Everything you could possibly need to know is in his syllabus! (with no contradictions) he is an amazing teacher who wants to see you succeed and loves writing. A self centered teacher would never let you pick your OWN topics.. Hes amazing you wont regret taking him.
Professor Schneider is a very interesting person and a wonderful teacher. Very soothing speaker but excellent teacher. Great personality. And very much willing to work with you. Took his class twice and wish I could take it again. Great Teacher!!!
I took English 52 and 300 with Pr. Schneider. I never though that English Writing is a such fun class. I was able to express my thoughts through writing my essays, and the Professor was very encouraging in my studying process. He is also very intelligent and polite as a person, as well as gifted teacher.
I havent had a teacher that would inspire me to come to class everyday to learn boring english. Makes it fun to learn. wish this professor can teach every English class on campus.
love him!!!! he is so cool !! I understand him and am really happy with him!!
Very nice teacher with good sense of humor.Tell you exactly what do you need study for the tests. If you failed one of the exam you can retake.It's easy to get an "A" in this class. Take this class with professor Schneider you'll enjoy it.
********AWESOME!!!! very soft spoken but he knows what he is talking about. If it wasn't for his class, I would of failed my Psyc class. After his class, you will fall in love with writing =)
AWESOME!!!! very soft spoken but he knows what he is talking about. If it wasn't for his class, I would of failed my Psyc class. After his class, you will fall in love with writing =)
TAKE HIM TAKE HIM TAKE HIM!!!You might fall asleep but take him! HAHA :)
Very soft spoken teacher with a very underhanded sense of humor. It takes a sharp thinker to pick up on his jokes. This was the 3rd time I tried taking English 1A and I was NOT looking forward to it. All his essays were interesting, I got an A and by the end I had fallen in love with writing. This guy is magic!
He's a great teacher, funny, smart and caring. If you want someone to help you alot... take his class he really cares for his students and for your best his class is not hard, yet you will learn so much. I was amazed of how much i learned! good job professor!.. Yesenia
Thank you professor for all your help. Your student: Jenelle Daffron.
reaal roll model and motivator
Wow! What an AWESOME PROFESSOR! He cares so much about each student not just in particular "his class", but he also cares about student's successful future. Professor Schneider is so intelligent and sweet; his strong self confidence is shown through his quiet speech.
I liked how organized he was. He would always tell you what exactly you were supposed to write and how to write it. There are 5 essays: narrative, persuasive, research, I-search, and analysis of a fiction story. In addition, he gives extra credit up to 12 points for every journal entry that students make. If I would have to rank him on the scale of
Professor Schneider created a passion for writing in me. English is my second language, and I wasn?t capable of writing good essays in the past. However, after taking his class, I feel like now I write better than a native speaker.
Funny Teacher. Patience. Really cool chill kind of guy. I really hated and sucked at English but I actually learned something in his class. Probably one of my favorite professors. Highly Recommend him.
Before this class, I really did not care for english. After this class, I have learned to enjoy writing an essay. Defiantely take this class if you want an enjoyable english course.
This teacher is very fun and helpful. He tought me how to write an essay and paper. He is wonderful and has a great personality. I would recommend this teacher for students taking his class.
Kind of a cross between Paul Simon, Woody Allen, and the professor from Stargate SG1. Great sense of humor, even if a little dry. He is guaranteed to clear up any writing or grammar problems you have in the most enjoyable way possible.
Extremely helpful! He's dedicated to helping his students! Use WAC! Not only it will give you extra credit in his class, but if you have appts with him... he'll tell you how to write the perfect essay for his class. Its like getting your paper review before it's due! He's nice, kind, sometimes monotone, and loves teaching.
I actually learned something in his class! I hate english, but honeslty if I could I'd take his class again
A wonderful teacher..A poet who teaches poetry..An all time favorite with a heart of platinum. His class was in a class by itelf! :) Look up "kind" in a thesaurus and Schneider is a word that means the same.
Professor Harold Schneider is a true teacher. He is compassionate, educated, and insightful. My English improved the most in his class. If everything is fine, I will take his classes again! I highly recommend him!
(cont.) Mr. Schneider is the kind u wont forget5 essays, 12pts ECArgument n Research are the hardestby the way u must work hard, have time on ur hands, n be a decent writer to do well here n hes a stickler on all time-related policiesbad luck, time conflicts, busy schedules, health problems wont change his policies on deadlines or tardiness.
gives you many chances to understand text, very helpful, kind and understanding. I recommend you to take him, if you wanna learn english!!! EXECELLENT....
Great professor! Wonderful course to take! 5 main essays and he prepares you well for them! Really lovely person and has a good sense of humor! I recommend this class for anyone that wants to learn =] its good stuff!
Mr. Schneider is wery good teacher. He is funny, nice and focused to what he is trying to teach us. He understands if something is going wrong with the students life and he tryes to do everything to help them. He is an awsome teacher and I am lucky to have him for 2 semmesters. Great Teacher!!!!!!
if your taking his class in the afternoon drink some caffine. talks real slow, but teaches good. long papers and lots of research. it helped to improve my writing. good sense of humor. was easy going class to be in.
This guy's fantastic. Best class they have at American River.
Schneider is a fantastic teacher; he knows his stuff and is himself a great writer and poet. I would definitely recommend him!
Schneider... ahhh. A human with a sense of ease, personality shines through his eyes, peaceful and charismatic. I enjoy writing and if you want to improve anything about yourself, you should count on this guy to help you out. Ask questions, listen to what he's saying, and you will gain much insight
Schneider is an excellent professor, with a unique wit and precision which is unrivaled at ARC. I recommend him only to students who wish to be challenged, and have a strong desire to succeed.
Very helpful if you ask he will explain exactly why your essay got a certain grade, but to get an A you have to have style and other things he does not teach and is only hinted at by the book. If you have talent take this teacher.
I thought Schneider was a very good teacher. I actually liked reading poetry after his class. He obviously cares a lot about english, but all his essays kept me a nervous wreck.
Schneider is a genius.
She is demanding but of highest quality....by far the best I have had at Parkersburg.
very good -best speech teacher at the college
This professor is tough. That being said he is the main reason I passed my writing praxis. He will beat you into shape. He also makes funny/cheesy puns on occasion. We did use the textbook fairly extensively. His reading selection was interesting.
Good professor, enjoyed the class.
As long as you study the test questions he gives you before the test ....you can pass. Easily. Listen to his lectures and take notes ONLY answers to the questions.
I liked Professor Cordell because he tries his best for you to understand the material being taught. Come to class prepared to learn and you will suceed.
Truely a wonderful professor. He returns dignity to the classroom by giving the student the oppourtunity to earn their grades. Not to be confused with those who hand out grades like candy.
Beth is of the most wonderful teachers at WVUP - you can tell she cares about her students and encourages us all to be our best selves.
Worked and studied hard and got an A. Wonderful teacher and class.
lots of memorization of dates and pics.
Fair warning: Do NOT blow this class off as cake too quick. Cost me a C at first. Other than the rocky start, GREAT professor, open for help frequently, very clear and helpful, and tends to get louder the more he's trying to stress a point, which is funny, but it annoys some. I'd say if you have a choice, pick Mr. Edwards.
The best Math teacher I ever had. He is hard on test, but he never asks you what he doesn't teach you.My sugestion would be, do your home work every day with out any excuse and ask him thing which you don't understand. He will be more than happy to explain it to you. He is available to help his students. I realy enjoyed his class.
Al is a great teacher and explains everything well. If you are having trouble, he is more than happy to help. I recommend him for any math class.
You really have to pay attention and study for the tests but Al is a great professor. He knows what he is talking about and knows how to explain it in a way that you can understand. I would recommend that everyone take him for Math 126.
Basically the greatest teacher ive ever had. made class alot of fun and would love to take any and all classes he taught. very funny and tells stories relevant to class, would highly reccomend
Great! Fantastic! Keeps class very light! Recommended. Tests aren't severely hard. Take notes in class. He's a great professor who has alot of experience in the psych field. Knows what he's talking about.
Santer was and still is my favorite instructor ever and I'm a junior! He has a great personality. He wants you to pass and is a great help. Class, lectures, and tests are the easiest I've ever had. A must for all students here!
Great class. Mr. Santer makes it very interesting. Tests are not too difficult.
Dr. Young is the best of the best. He is tough, but immensely fair and helpful. If you come to class, read the textbook, and take good notes on both, you should pass with flying colors. He appreciates good writing, so be cognizant of that, as well as attention to detail. If you go to WVUP and dont take a class with H.G Young, you are missing out.
Excellent instructor
Mr Pare' is the most interesting Professor I have had he makes Psychology incredibly interesting
Professor Pare's Classes were my most enjoyable when I attended college at the Bangor Campus. He was easily approachable,had genuine concern about his students,and would take what ever time you needed to explain something you may have not understood. Classes were always fun and Jokes Limitless!
FUNNIEST CLASS EVER!!! I was never bored and paying 100% attention during the whole class session. He is very nice and helpful. We had no homework, only one lab that was sooooo easy to do.
HE is an excellent teacherl, only goes over the important stuff, very interesting with his past experiences
Great Professor. He makes learning fun and interesting
Thank you smiley. Your investment in your students does make a difference.
great fun, great education, and recommended for all star.
what can i say about the proff. that everyone else hasn't allready said. Class is great. structure is awesome. it doesn't seem like the class is 2:20min long. go to class listen to the lecture and you'll pass the tests.
rick is one of the best. he keeps the class interested and eager to learn. he has a great sence of humor and thats what students need. I feel he is caring of his students. He is also very fair.
Great Teacher,makes everything interesting.
Excellent Teacher. Cares about Student's succes.
Education with Entertainment, Rick just gets it ! Great Class- (pwp)
Great professor and makes learning fun. Extremely handsome
Great person
Smart, cute, friendly...
He is very articulate and always makes you laugh. He's a hottie.
One of the best profs I've ever had. If you get a chance to take any of his classes do so, you won't regret it. While lectures aren't mandatory each one is like a stand up comedy special that is very useful. While the grade curve is hard, it is because of how easy it is to do well. The word limit is too low to say all the amazing things about him.
Honestly the best and most entertaining prof I've ever had. Took this class as an option and even though attendance isn't mandatory to get an A, I still wanted to go to his lectures. Content isn't hard an as long as you memorize the study questions, you'll do good.
Dr. Holden is amazing. He is extremely caring and helpful as well. He is super passionate and makes his lectures super interesting! He only draws questions from the study questions which are given at the beginning of the semester. Study hard and you will get a really good grade! Highly recommend.
Great professor and guy overall. He goes out of his way to make every lecture interesting and fun. If you get the chance to take one of his courses, do it.
Best pro ever. Hilarious and nice. Provides question bank which is the same as real exams. Just study with the sample questions with his class note, nothing outside of the class material at all, you will get a good mark. Course material not too complicated to understand, just about memorization. Highly suggest taking all of his classes, so fun.
Such a fun and interesting prof. Made online classes actually fun and his stories kept me coming back to class.
Best prof I have had in university. Great lectures straight forward tests. All tests are straight from his lecture notes. I would recommend to take any class from Holden if you can.
Amazing Prof. Makes the class so interesting and fun. And makes his tests and assignments very easy. If you can ever get a class with him take it for sure.
One of the most incredible profs you can take. Lectures are amazing. Very kind and outgoing.
Dr. Holden is the best prof I have ever had! He is so entertaining, his lectures are easy to follow, and he provides really useful examples. His stories about his research are really interesting as he has travelled basically the whole world. He also give really good advice on what places to visit on your next vacation! The labs are super easy too!
I wake up just to go to his classes! I loved that course so much and his way of teaching is energetic but not off the walls. I once corrected him in front of the class (I really didn't want to but he made a HUGE mistake) and he took it very well and even asked for clarification on the topic. We need more William Holden's in universities!
Holden is my favourite professor in university. Best lectures, and a hilarious person. Super passionate about what he teaches. Highly recommend taking any of his classes.
I've taken elective courses just because Holden was teaching it, he's one of my favourite people I've ever met. Truly cares about his students and is passionate about his work. Attendance isn't mandatory but it helps the material stick since a lot of the exams are memorization. It's not the easiest class but you learn a lot and it's interesting
The best prof I had all year. You don't have to go to class to get an A but he is so amazing, you want to go to his class. He is hilarious and a really great guy. Would reccomend taking as many of his classes as you can.
Fire it up.
Best Prof I've ever had! He literally is the reason I switched into Geography
He is such a good prof! His lectures are very interesting and he is hilarious. His tests are just from questions banks that you get from the beginning of the year. Memorize the specific answers and you will get 90 +
Best prof i've ever had. I have never met someone who is so hilarious, so passionate, and so caring and willing to help whenever you need it. He will do whatever he can to help you, whether its take you to the printer room and print an entire section of one of his fascinating books he's written, or just to pour you a cup of coffee. Great Guy
He is so funny when doing his lectures. He's super nice too when i went to talk to him to fix my midterm grade, i thought i was going to be interrogated but hes super friendly. you dont have to go to class since all the possible test questions are online and the answers are straight from his notes. the TAs mark labs super easy too. great proff
Super funny. Impossible to fall asleep in his class.
Holden makes me want to change my major to geography. Hes that good. If you have the chance to take one of his classes, DO IT. Showing up isnt essential to doing well in his course as he posts everything you need online, but you wont want to miss his lectures. I always leave in a better mood than when I came. Best prof I have ever had.
I had two professors that really marked my school years and Dr Holden was one of them! He is not only a good teacher but a hilarious and great human being. + I was able to find the classroom just by hearing his voice from the other end of the hallway. Get ready to laugh! + if you do the work, you'll pass with an A.
Amazing man, amazing grading. Hes the epitome of what a great prof is. He literally makes everything simple, his notes are accurate and he teaches at an exceptional pace. Take his class and you shall pass.
A great prof, funny, exciting, and passionate. I loved this course and the midterms were relatively easy, but make sure to do as well as possible on the midterms because the final is worth 50% and isnt easy (not impossible but alot of studying is needed). You dont have to go to class because he uploads all the notes but you'll miss out
I took a number of courses from him in the early 2000's. I think so fondly of him, I googled him to see what he is doing. By far one of the best University experiences was taking a course from him. If you want to learn about the subject he is teaching and learn valuable life lessons with hilarity, take his courses.
You don't have to show up to his class, he made it very apparent on day one. He literally uses his study questions on D2L for his midterms so you just have to cram those and you'll get an easy A in this course. Loved his use of sport analogies during class, and the fact that he uses a hockey stick as a pointer is hilarious.
I took Geography 251 with him, and it was by far the easiest class I've ever taken. You don't need to attend lectures because 100% of the test questions come from the study questions he posts, and the answers for those are in the lecture notes which he also posts. Memorize the answers word for word from the notes, show up to tests, easy A.
By far the most unique professor I've ever taken. He's so funny, passionate and respectful all at the same time. He is VERY loud when speaking so take it in the morning so he wakes you up! Also, labs are free marks thrown at you but midterms are fully written but easy seeing as he gives away exam questions in class. One of the best classes I've had
Wil is hilarious, and truly fun to learn from. Don't feel like going to his 8am class? No worries, he posts everything online. Including the exact questions on hist tests (along with some decoys), but he wants those answers word for word out of the lecture notes.
William Holden is an amazing prof, he makes a boring class sound interesting and is hilarious. He gives good feedback on exams and marks really fast. He truly wants you to do well in his class so he gives study questions. Most of the exams questions are from the study questions.
Holden is fantastic. Made what I thought would be a plain class the most enjoyable. He is epicly funny and entertaining, but equally as good when it comes to teaching. I've retained a lot of knew knowledge from his class. He explains things thoroughly and answers questions clearly. Study properly and you'll do well. One of the best profs at U of C!
Humorous prof who made early morning classes interesting and somewhat educational. He has online notes which are extremely handy and a lot of it is memorizing. Would definitely take a class with him again. If you're more of a left wing individual, you'll have a blast.
Best professor I had through University. Class is excellent both interesting with entertaining stories so it holds interest; many students take it even if they don't have to b/c they hear how good it is. Most uni profs get tenure, this man should be knighted
It is no understatement that Dr. Holden is amazing. Extremely entertaining, and made going to 8am lectures worth it. He pretty much tells you exactly what will be on the exams. The final was quite challenging and long, but I still managed to get an A. Take his classes, you wont regret it.
AMAZING PROF! Funny, helpful references and he made the content super interesting and engaging. I always attended his lectures not only because he marks on attendance, but because he makes lectures fun! He is super accommodating to students. He even sang to us once.
Awesome professor! I'm graduating this year but felt that Holden did a stand up job in class, always brought a great attitude in approaching concepts and making sure students fully understood the issue. Exams can be tricky but he provides you the tools to get good grades. Considered going for my PhD after being in his class hah.
Such a good prof! His lectures were EXTREMELY entertaining, well worth attending. Aside from that the class really easy to manage if you do the study questions puts on BB. If you have the opportunity to take a class with him- DO IT!
Straight up- i loved this prof, and went to every class only because he was so sweet, BUT he's almost like a wolf in sheeps clothing. His midterms are a breeze, which makes you like him more, and because its so easy, you assume the final will be some what similar, and thats when he gets you! I got slaughtered on the final, my grade dropped a letter
Fall 2008. AMAZING lecturer - he really really knows his stuff. Keeps the class interesting and constantly laughing. Pay attention to videos and examples used in class.3 Assignments were a breeze but final exam INTENSE! Should have been 3 hrs not 2. Study hard, its a freakin mofo. Class was worth it though
Holden is probably one of the bestest profs around. He is extremely funny. But watch out, the final exams have questions from all over the place. Study all the extra material not just the textbook. Half the final was from assigned readings.
Holy Jeebus, this man in HI-larious! The subject matter is somewhat dull, but it's pretty much guaranteed that Holden will keep you awake. His personal anecdotes relate very well to course material and make it all easy to learn. His exams don't rely on regurgitation (thank god!) but you've got to read the textbook!!!
Holden is the best professor I've had. He knows what he is talking about, he's a fair marker, and makes the lectures extremely enjoyable. He just wins overall.
He knows what he's talking about; not one of those profs who reads straight from the textbook or prepared notes. All his lectures come straight from his brain and he knows how tiring it is for students, so he uses his stories to keep us awake. Old exams are a help, but just memorize the textbook...
HOLD IT HOLDEN!
Awesome prof. Knows his stuff, very enthusiastic, tells the funniest stories you've ever heard in class. Really nice guy too. He knows how to keep you interested.
Holden was blast! Very educated on his stuff. enthusiasim keeps you awake during lecture. numerous jokes about everything are just hilarious. highly recommend Holden for any geography course!
HILARIOUS!! he threw a chair into the audience. He is so enthusiastic and a great guy too.
a very caring person. coulde tell he was adament about his subject area
A veeerrry interesting man. He obviously knows his stuff and lectures are filled with so many random interjections. You can't help but laugh in this class even though sometimes the stuff he says can offend people. You will be prepared for exams if you read his notes. He's one to remember who you are. Fairly good prof. Got me interested in GEO
Great professor. Incredibly educated and intelligent. Goes through material highlighting main points. If you read his notes and make sure you read the text (ALL the exam questions come from it) you will be guaranteed an A. Assignments are easy but take a long time to answer thoroughly.
Maybe his class was easy but it gave me the confidence to pursue a degree in Economics, something I never thought I could do well at. Not only did I leave University with an high GPA but today I have an amazing job at an oil company. I still maintain the attitude that I can accomplish things that seem impossible, and I have. Thanks Will Holden.
THE MAN. Says it all.
This man is the king of teaching. Arguably the Tiger Woods of his craft. His classes are a joy to attend; his stories are second to none. It's to bad he's gotten tamer since going to a new faculty. Once he gets tenure, look out U of C.
I throughly enjoyed his class! Probably one of the best prof ever!! His stories and jokes are hilarious even though they may seem insensitive at times. ^.^ But be warned, his final was tough-120 mc and 118marks from the written. For the written expect questions from unexpected areas!!!
best class ive taken in university.... people who think he's a jackass need to loosen up and enjoy the only entertaining prof at our crappy university
Thanks for making class fun!
Amazing. Keeps class interested right until the end of the lecture. Makes it entertaining so people retain the information they learned. It does not seem like a lecture when you attend his class.
Wonderful person!
Like the fact that outside of class he allows you to debate with him regarding some "sensitive" topics like environmental degradation. Should be teaching ECON, Geography, and Enivro Sci all at once since he's so knowledgeable.
Holden's class was easy, but not because he marked easy, he's just so damn entertaining that you can't help but pay attention in something as boring as Econ. Congrats on being voted Hottest Prof!
Killer Prof, helped me get an A. Study the practice exams, the anwsers are in front of you! You just have to look for them!
Funniest guy ever. Pretty easy to as long as you study and do old exams. Just a word of warning, his finals are 150 questions long not 120.
Very helpful!
The best prof for economics in the world? The man is a genius.
TELL US THE FRIDGE STORY!!! He's a good prof - makes a dull topic like econ far more interesting. Yes, his stories have nothing to do with anything, but at least they help you stay awake for the lecture. Practice exams are always posted, so life is good.
He's a great professor, you will have the most fun in this class, I garuntee it. He makes econ very interesting and funny.
i have taken all of the courses that holden teaches. wow. Does anyone know if he dyes his hair?
Absolutely the BEST prof I've ever had. Laughed so hard my sides hurt. And he also teaches!
Best prof I have had yet, got me into economics. However, if you aren't right winged and you are offended easily - not for you. Other than that I guarantee you will go to almost every lecture :)
Holden you are the best!
Most entertaining prof I've ever had. Probably ranks up there as the best prof at U of C.
COOL, OUTSTANDING!!
He's so awesome! Best prof ever. I loved going to his classes They were so funny. Cant miss the Jerry Springer show. U rock Holden!
HOLDEN'S DA MAN!!! period.
All I have to say is that Holden is da man!!! His classes r awesome .... I had da best time in his class .. he's hilarious and I learned a lot 2 ... the way he teaches makes it easy to remember things ... his online notes were great for da tests
Wil Holden is the best person I have ever met. His teaching methods are the best for university classes with large number of students. It is hard not to listen to what he has to say. He never gets boring and his stories only keep the student's attention.
He makes learning enjoyable with his comic relief. Best professor I've had at the UofC. His tests are a joke, so really the classes aren't necessary but he puts on a show that you do not want to miss.
AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME. I love him.
Very helpful- prompt response to email questions.
Best teacher I have ever had, and one of the most intelligent people I have ever met. I really look up to that guy!
Holden is king. He's the only prof I know that has students regularily attending his class that aren't even enrolled! The highlight of 203 was when he threw a chair at the wall then went on to bark like a seal into the microphone. That is good teaching.
He's a great guy to have early in the morning. He really wakes you up. He's very clever with his stories and analogies, but will we ever get to meet THEE Kevin Minor most of his stories are about?
I myself am an Econ major and he is the best prof at the University, period. He knows his stuff and makes it entertaining as well. The only people who dislike him are prudish. If you get to know him personally, you'll find that he is a very nice person
holden is the only prof that could drag me to Economics lecture
HILARIOUS. I attended the Jerry Springer lecture twice
Makes learning fun, haven't skip a class yet
holden is my hero!
AMAZING!
Holden is da bomb!!
Hey Holden. Keep on trekking.
Excellent instructor. Very funny and makes material easy to remember.
Best prof ever!!
The best Prof I've ever had.
definitely the kind of course to save for the end of the day.
An excellent teacher. The definition of teaching excellence. Highly intelligent!
best prof yet..really makes school more fun!
I can't think of a more stimulating environment than Holden's 203 class.
Don't let the bad reviews bug you Holden! YOU RULE DA SCHOOL!!!!
A unique combination of intellectual and teaching ability. Very helpful!
A huge heart, matched only by his enthusiasm.
Very dedicated.
Best Prof at uofc
The coolest Young at VU. WDUG - All Doug, All the Time.
Hilarious. A great teacher.
Every class I had Doug for I was happy with. He is one groovy teacher.
Doug was the best.
Hey dougless(mr. hand)you are one of the koolest dudes alive, so dont change, and keep making people laugh.
If there were one man on campus I would call a "****", Doug would be it! Awesome dude all around!
You da Man DOUGIE FRESH!!
Doug is the Groove doctor of VU Broadcasting for sure, We love ya dougie, Thanks for being a badass teacher, Keep playing that guitar you'll get smoke on the water down! ;)
DOUG IS FUNNY AND IS A REAL NICE GUY. HE IS THE GROVIEST GUY I KNOW IN BROADCASTING. WAY TO BE DOUG.
Mr. Turpin is a great professor!!! He's super enthusiastic about his course and makes you enjoy it as well. You get homework as a physical worksheet, like high school, which stinks but it takes 20 min. tops and is easy. I really enjoyed this class!! Easy easy A!
I never knew bugs could be soooo cool until Prof. Turpin showed me the truth. Bug Bowl Rox!
He is probably the best professor at Purdue University. I really enjoyed his class.
If there's one professor I recommend beyond all others at purdue it's Tom Turpin. He is absolutely entertaining and hilarious... I never skipped his class because it was always so enticing to go and see what antics would be projected that day. He's amazing and the class is pretty easy.
Never a dull moment!
Excellent teacher, however the class is challenging, especially the quizzes
A great class! Lots of busy work and the weekly quizes can be difficult. The final was a piece of cake. Once you learn the insect orders your home free. Take in the Spring so you can help with the bug bowl.
Dr. Turpin is the best teacher I have here yet....other than those boxers.
Dr. Turpin RULES!!
Turpin is great! He's a nice guy who's willing to help and makes what could be a boring lecture very enjoyable. I love the different outfits and interesting skits done, and if I had a fear of bugs before, it's not there now.
great teacher
he's great
Tom is a very interesting, weird sort of guy. But his lectures were very enjoyable.
he is the best prof i have had. he makes it fun to go to class. you feel like you don't want to miss because your afraid you will miss something funny.
Best professor I ever had, for the subject which at first I cared nothing about, but at the end really enjoyed.
Its clear he LOVES teaching. Great class for any major.
Entertaining & interesting class -- even if I had trouble making it there! LOL
GREAT PROF!!! Very interesting class and lecture
Dr. Dunning is a passionate professor who goes into depth with his lectures. He is clearly passionate about what he is teaching. His test was pretty easy with the exception of a few trick questions (which I would expect from any professor testing material). He goes slow in lectures for full understanding. Overall, he is a great professor.
Great lectures, Very easy to understand, and not super picky about any writing. Tests were full of things that were in the lectures and not at all hard to study for or remember.
I loved Dr. Dunning's lectures. The exams were pretty difficult, but he graded fairly and there were options for extra credit. There were also a few writing assignments that were really cool to get engaged with the content. You can tell he really cares about what he is teaching
passionate about teaching and promotes good discussion
Dr. Dunning is a character! He goes into specific details so you'll never be confused. He's also really understanding, to an extent. He made me want to learn, instead of being forced to learn. A wonderful professor.
He really tries to make the information enjoyable instead of just standing in the front of the class and talking for an hour.
great guy, grateful to have had him
An awesome Prof. Take all of his classes.
I took as many classes taught by Dr. Dunning as I could throughout my college career. He was the BEST professor I have ever had!
this is an awesome prof. He very helpful, and he is willing to work with any student.
He is a very knowledgeable professor and teaches with great clarity.
You rock dude!
He's awesome!
Dunning was very clear and passionate about what he teaches. He was not unreasonable at all, probably one of the easiest classes I've taken so far. Don't bother buying the book.
Great Prof. very clear, helpful, funny and also passionate about what he is teaching. The exams are average. I highly recommend him.
Prof. Dunning is one of the nicest profs I've ever had here at Purdue. I would definitely recommend for future classes.
Great professor! Highly recommend taking a class with him. Very interesting lectures kept me coming to class. Great class to take especially with all the environmental issues going on today...
I really enjoyed this class. His lectures were always interesting and the quizzes were easy if you studied and paid attention in class. Overall, I'd rate this instructor excellent
Dr. Dunning is great---he obviously knows his stuff and enjoys teaching it----what more could you ask from a professor
A great class. A great guy. Has the absolute best lectures as well as attitude. Go to class and get an A.
He really made me interested in a subject I cared little about in the begining
He is hilarious, wears the best shirts. definitely my favorite class.
Respect is a two way street....if you did your work, he gave you an A, if you acted like you were in high school then he treated you like a child....take his classes....he opens your mind to new ideas!
Great teacher if you just listen and do the work. The class is easy, and I found him to be very helpful.
Great professor! He gives tons of extra credit opportunities, sometimes just for coming to lecture. His exams and quizzes are content heavy but all of it is in the review he provides the week before. He does tend to ramble a bit in lecture, but clearly knows his content.
Overall a solid professor. The most important thing is to read the textbook written by him. The tests are not difficult if you have done the reading, it's also good to look at his website.
Rauh is very knowledgeable and cares SO much about his class and his work. I enjoyed every day in his class. He has a very nice way of putting things and lectures are entertaining. There is plenty of opportunity for extra credit and his review sessions are very helpful for the exams/quizzes. Easily one of my favorites at Purdue
Professor Rauh knows SO much about classics, and for someone who's taught this class for years, its endearing how much he cares about the class. He offers a ton of extra credit (literally showing up for class and coming to review sessions is extra credit a lot of the time). He also puts everything you need for tests/quizzes on the website.
great
Great teacher who made his class really interesting? If you like histroy and wanna an easy A. Don't hesitate to choose Clcs 181.
Great guy, knows a lot. Material of this class wasn't as interesting as other classes I've had with him, but if you just read his online book (focusing on bold terms), you'll have no problem getting an A in this course. Exams are straight-forward and easy. Also gives out extra credit for going almost once a week.
Nick Rauh is truly a man among boys, class act
Excellent prof. He knows what he's talking about and always keeps things very interesting.
Amazing prof! keeps things interesting!
Great class and even better professor
Had little interest in course, but just the sheer talent he has as an orator made me hike to class @ 4:30pm. Biggest thing I learned...take philosophy to develop speaking skills.
This guy is an arceologist turned teacher who really knows his stuff. He'll teach you the most interesting details about history. Strongly recommend this professor, one of the best at Purdue.
I seek out classes he teaches. Great professor, great teacher, 303 about Alexander The Great is the best course I've ever taken
Very good professer. Would take another class A+++++++++
Best Prof ever ... truly illuminating.
I also enjoyed classes with Prof. Graham more than a decade ago and would love to hear what he is up to. He was a superior teacher.
I studied under Michael quite a few years back, and I continue to draw from his masterful design philosophy and approach to this day. His classes connected all the dots . . . Anyone know where he is these days?
I had him over 10 years ago and I still think of him as one of the best prof i've ever had. Wonderful man - very dedicated!
Amazing professor! Changed the way I viewed graphic design and life in general! I owe it all to this man and his funny moustache.
The professor that helps you grow as a student. Makes you learn without realizing that you are. Engaging and supportive and always interested in your personal opinion and ideas. Produced some of my best work for her papers with her support.
I love this professor!!! Dr. Coogan is a professor that definitely knows her stuff! Her class discussions really help with understanding the content. She is always polite and helpful, I currently have her as an advisor as well.
coogan is that****. all you haters just hate cause you aren't smart enough to appreciate her. she is right on in her lectures and is extremely cool. one of my favorite aquinas profs.
She is extremely knowledgeable, and can quote just about anything off the top of her head-very cool. She is a tough grader, but she gives you plenty of preparation and the homework more often than not pertains to the larger assignments. Im taking her again. Good sense of humor. Just go to class and have her pre-read your papers/rough drafts!
Coogan is great. She's very friendly and helpful, and explains assignments well. She may be a strict grader, but she's upfront about what she expects from you. This class was great and I'd recommend it and any of her other classes.
Not only is she bright, funny and sensitive, but she really cares about what her students do with their lives. Stupid education students shouldn't be allowed to post on real professors.
Very cool lady, my friend and I quote her to this day. I loved the class and I really enjoyed listening to her- anyone who saying that her lectures are dull aren't listening hard enough- Coogan can be laugh out loud funny. The class can be difficult but having her teach makes it worthwhile.
Good prof
Dr. Coogan is both knowledgeable and helpful. She's enthusiastic about her subject and makes the course entertaining. She is definately a prof worth taking.
Dr. Coogan is an excellent teacher!! She is helpful, delightful, openminded and full of knowledge. She is far from standoffish. She dares to be herself unlike most teachers. If you cannot handle a strong women, you are missing out.
used to be intimidated by her--she's tough but she's GOOD
By far my favorite professor, my only regret is not having known her prior to her last year before retirement. Gives excellent feedback, but is no nonsense when it comes to writing papers, answering questions and arriving to class consistently and on time. I you do the work, she will reward you.
Professor Taylor is an excellent teacher. The course for a 200 level is quite hard, with a lot memorization of paintings and time periods. I will recommend her and will take her class again if possible. An excellent teacher of her subject.
Professor Taylor is engaging and fun. She expects a lot from her students, as all good professors should. She goes above and beyond what is required of a professor and provides students with amazing opportunities in and out of the classroom. She is the best professor I've had at PSU so far.
Dr. Taylor is the best professor I've had at PSU. She is very clear in expectations. The material can be intimidating, but she clearly designs tests so that students can succeed. Attendance is crucial to getting a good grade. She is engaging and highly knowledgeable. Women in the Visual Arts was a fabulous course and I would recommend it to ALL.
Prof. Taylor is hands down one of the best Art History professors I have ever taken. She demands excellence and it makes you a better student. If you work hard and put the time in it is easy to get an A. You have to go to class and do the reading. I wish I could have a Professor like her for all of my classes.
DR. Taylor rocks, she knows her stuff and expects a lot from her students! If you want to learn somthing, take her class. But Don't Call her "Sue"...
Professor Heinrich was thorough and educated on every topic he taught and is very easy going and friendly. Class was engaging and enjoyable. I recommend taking his class.
Professor Heinrich is by far my favorite professor at Baruch. He goes indepth with every lecture, and really fosters a learning environment. I would recommend him to anyone who wants to learn more about history, very knowledgable.
Grading clear from day one. 5 Quizzes, 1 group presentation, and 1 final paper. Very straightforward. Literally tells you everything that you need to do to get an A in the class.
Probably the best prof I've taken at Baruch (I'm a senior). Be prepared to do 30-40 pages of reading for every single class, along with a difficult quiz. Be prepared to be cold-called, be prepared to defend your answer or explain why you said what you said. He is extremely knowledgeable/passionate about the subject and it rubs off. not a HIS major
Professor Heinrich is by far one of Baruch's best professors. He does require a lot of reading, coming to class every day, and participation, but he is super interesting. He is passionate about the subject and it shows in class. The readings were all interesting and the class was well structured. Long final papers, but they were graded fairly.
Very good professor. You have daily blackboard quizzes but its super easy(assuming that you read the textbook, and you should). Theres two exams for the whole semester, the midterm and the final, each with one essay question. And regarding the content of those exams; They're all questions from your blackboard quiz, including the one essay question.
Professor Heinrich is an excellent professor. Really knows his material and engages you during class. Make sure you participate during the lecture, he pays attention who speaks and has read the assigned books/excerpts. An online quiz every week and lots of reading. But still very interesting!
By far the best prof of my college career. BRILLIANT individual, knows so much, so intelligent. A lot of reading but you don't mind doing it. Lectures are very engaging, gives exact quiz preps before quizzes, multiple choice. SERIOUSLY TAKE HIM, SO WORTH IT!
Prof Heinrich is great. Lectures are jam packed with interesting info, new ideas and insightful ideas. He's very kind and helpful. He basically makes it as easy as possible to get an A. Open book online easy quizzes and a midterm and final. He gives u the essay Q's and Mult choice Q's before. No excuse not to do well. TAKE HIM!!
Prof Heinrich is great. Lectures are jam packed with interesting info, new ideas and insightful ideas. He's very kind and helpful. He basically makes it as easy as possible to get an A. Open book online easy quizzes and a midterm and final. He gives u the essay Q's and Mult choice Q's before. No excuse not to do well. TAKE HIM.
This class is very straightforward and clear. If you pay attention, study, and complete the quizzes, you'll get an A.
This class is time consuming. Every Class requires: chapter summaries (1 - 3 chapter(s) of 500 words each) + class participation every class and attendance mandatory (lateness unacceptable .) Additionally: 3 papers (2500 words) plus 1 (4000 words) 3 Map Quizes (provides all the info prior) Notes on blackboard (sometimes)
Topic World War II. Easy going class. Every class there is outline, 500 wordschapter, usually 1-2 chapters. Not too difficult. 3 map quizzes. No mid-term or final. 2 papers only. Participation is best way to get grade up. Lectures are more like class discussions. Like any class, do the work and youll be fine, its manageable. Definitely recommend.
Honestly, he is very knowledgeable and class is very interesting. This class could be very hard if you don't have a habit of regularly reading books. Online quiz before every class, clicker prompt response everyday, and he also takes note for class participation every single time. If you can make it, its worth it!!
Amazing teacher! I recommend everyone who wants to KNOW history, TAKE HIM. I took 1005 and had never studied American History before. Now I know every detail. His classes are very interesting! Now I am in love with history and I am thinking to take him again.
I have definately learnt a lot in this class, but this class is not for lazy ppl. You really have to keep up reading every single chapter Of The book and do online quizzes for every class + some pop up quizzes in class. If you dont like history, definately you will like it with his classes. Very good profesor, and highly recommeded.
Good orginized clear and precise course. Aroused my interest in history, which i did not have prior to taking this class
This professor is FANTASTIC. Didn't enjoy history bfore his class, but he makes it extremely interesting, plays documentaries, music, is funny. VERY organized and you'll know exactly what's expected of you. Essay's are easy, just stick to what he asks. HIGHLY recommend his class. Not for lazy students, but you'll learn a lot. Easy 2 get a hold of.
this man knows a lot of american history for being a german immigrant! his use of multimedia really enhances the class however somtimes he tends to ramble. this grading policy is fair.
BEST PROFESSOR EVER! He's a very nice person and really knows the material inside and out. He's very well prepared for every class and can hold your attention (isn't boring). I got an A in this class and because of him I chose history as my minor. Highly recommended!
Great Teacher. This man really knows what he is talking about. If you want to do well, you do have to read the book. 5 quizzes, midterm, final. He drops lowest quiz. No homework. Funny guy.
He is super clear and makes history as interesting as it can be. I didn't mind the quizzes but for the midterm and final you are given three major topics and expected to write an essay on something from one of them which is difficult. If you can't handle that def don't take this class.
One of the best professors I've ever had. He gives pop quizzes that are easy if you come to class and do the reading. Only a midterm and final essay. Very fair grader, very engaging and interesting. Take him!
i think he's a great prof. i have no regrets taking his class. the people who are saying he's hard are obviously the ones who aren't putting enough efforts in class. the professor gives you exactly what he wants you to study for his quizzes and tests. there are no trick questions or surprises. seriously, the man knows what he's doing.
Ok guys. He is a great professor probably the best professor i have ever had. Yes you have to read the chapters for the quizzes but only the points on the syllabus. Now i am in grad school and i still remember things from American business history and it is very helpful for using examples in my papers. Very highly recomended
Absolutely recommend him! I loved the class! the way he taught was very interesting and very understandable.wish i could take his class next semester.he was always in time and ,yes, always took attendance right in a beginning of the class.There were 6 tests during the semester, so you should be ready for it any time.read before the class!otherwise,
I love him!!! He is such a nice man and an even better professor. His lectures are completely straitforward and his quizzes are more than fair. Make sure you do the quick reading prior to each class and you are guaranteed to do well. Highly recommended!!
Best history professor ever!! I loved his class. He makes it so interesting and recites everything from memory. This guy is very intelligent and the fact that he's hot doesn't hurt. He makes history interesting and you will learn a lot. He is a fair grader but expect to do work in his class. 6 pop quizes, 2 in class essays, 1 term paper.
Great professor. If you take this class you will feel like you take classes at a better college. You will defenatly learn a lot in this class. The true is that the quizess are a kind of annoying but if you read the 10 points on the syllabus you will do very well. Mid term and final are not hard. It is not hard to get an A.
there was always some sort of dread going into that class...mostly because of the surprise quizes i guess...but i got used to it and did much better at the end...got a B and deserved it too :)
6 quizs 10 points each, 2 tests, 1 midterm 1 final all essays have to remember 2 dates. seems fair and does try to help students out, doesnt curve so dont depend on that, if your planning on cheating at least dont get caught he is strict about it and will report you to the dean.
He's an awesome professor! Put's an outline of the day's discussion on powerpoint, & lectures from knowledge. He really knows his stuff! Plus he's funny too, & w/ great hair! There's some pop quizzes but they're easy if you listen to the lecture. His midterm & final is just one essay, so it's easy to make the grade. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN! He's great.
This is probably the best teacher I have had at Baruch and probably ever will, very well organized never uses notes or anything, he is much like a knowledge machine. Sometimes class is a little drousy but sometimes a little subtle joke gets in there. If you listen in class and read the book once a month you should be in the high B or A.
Loved him...best prof for history....A pleasure to look at and fantasize about while he babbles sometimessss...Occassional pop quizzes..just read and pay attention...Midterm nd final topics r given b4...so just know 2 out of 3 realli well....Do not be late or fall asleep..or pop gum....He is awesome but strict....and very fair grader and interestin
He knows everything on history, even remembering the date without looking at the text. Surely, the pop up quizs are challenging, but If you read the chapters and listen to his lectures, you will do fine! Take him if you like history!!
This guy looks like Jim Morrison. He is very clear in his lectures, good quizes if you paid attention in his lecture because the quizes are based on the day's lecture. Tough grader, and tough on cheating and sleeping in class. If you don't like history don't take him, otherwise, this is the best teacher for that.
It's hard not to fall asleep in class, but don't. He tells you what you need to know to do well in class, and he emphasizes it further in lectures. A fair grader if you answer the question he asks.
He is the best professor so far at baruch. Makes history very interesting. His tests are very fair and you have to read the assignments and take notes for pop quizzes which are really straight forward. He's a great professor take him you wont regret it.
He is a great teacher, but a little tougher than I expected. He has a great deal of knowledge regarding history and wants to share it with the class. The quizzes can be annoying, but force you to keep up with the reading and pay attention in class. I learned a lot. Take him, he's very good.
He is the best and the smartest professor at Baruch. His classes are very interesting. He is really good. I will miss his lectures.
Professor Heinrich is a great history professor. Makes history so much more interesting and knows so much information. Just read ahead for the pop quizzes and practice essays for the midterm and final and you'll be fine.
he is the best professor ever, makes history so much clearer and so much more interesting and hes really really fair just do the assigned work.. and he is absolutely GORGEOUS so so hot you'll want to come to class.. best class i had all year..
First of all, he reads these postings, so if someone says he wont test you on WW1, you better believe he will! He is a really good teacher though. He is pretty funny and knows every little detail about the whole history of all time! Make sure you come on time though, he counts lateness as half an absense! And don't fall asleep or he counts you abst
PROF. HEINRICH IS ONE OF THE BEST PROF AT BARUCH. I REALLY HATE HISTORY, BUT HE MADE ME LOVE IT. HE IS FAIR AND VERY HELPFUL. HIS QUIZZES AND TESTS ARE NOT HARD. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS READ THE BOOK AND TAKE GOOD NOTES. I REALLY RECOMMEND HIM. HE IS CUTE.
COOL PROFESSOR, BORING AT TIMES, VERY CLEAR ON WHAT TO EXPECT AND KEEPS YOU AWAKE BECAUSE OF THE POP UP TESTS. JUST PAY ATTENTION AND ITLL BE EASY
mad good lectures, clear, concise, explained in a funny way, pop quizzes at the end of random lectures on that lecture, so just stay awake and you'll be fine, no need to read the book really unless you want an A
Great teacher, very helpful!! Don't fall asleep during his lectures and take good notes and you'll be good! Must not miss lectures though! Lectures are clear and concise.
He's the best. Pay attention in class and take good notes and you'll pass with flying colors. No reason to fail his class.
hes cool just dont sleep in his class
Best Professor ever!great class def. take him. lectures are interesting. you have to work a little(doing the reading)but you will def. learn alot and enjoy the class. grading is very fair. gives 7MC quizes, drops lowest(40%) midterm essay(25%)and final essay (35%). very helpful and clear. TAKE HIM
really great professor. I am so pleased. good, fair quizzes. I haven't bought the textbook and i'm averaging a B+. excellent lessons (very organized). must pay attention to lectures carefully. that's a good thing. he's very helpful too. strict with attendance. & yes, he's very cute. ;)
Very good, just follow study guide to get a 10 on his quizes. Tests mad east
I love this profesor. He's so organized and knows exactly what he is doing. I wasn't into history at all but after taking his class, I'm so into American history. I highly recommend him. Just make sure you like to read and pay close attention to what he says. Take a lot of notes and participate!!!
this was my fave class last semester. he's not the easiest (i got a b-) but if you like history then you should take him. he is the best prof. i've had at baruch. there are pop quizzes (easy since he gives them after he talks about the material) and 2 essay exams (he gives the ques. out before)
If u wanna learn sth, pick up his course. If u wanna get a high grade without study, forget it.
Great prof. I wasn't too much into history, but this guy taught stuff I won't forget. Organized, uses slideshows for lecturs. Not too easy, but essays & pops r fine if you read book & take notes. He likes it if you ask questions in class & talk. Take him.
I've never liked a history class before this one. Classes are a lot of note-taking, but he teaches the material so well. He loves class participation, but won't hate you if you're quiet. One of the best professors I've had at Baruch. Great guy.
incredibly knowledged, his class is worth taking if you enjoy history but don't want to be tortured by it. excellent choice of textbook for his teaching style. know your dates for the midterm and final, read and listen and you won't have problems.
To the students who do not like Heinrich "because he's hard" especially his 1005 please do yourself a favor, drop out and take a job as a window washer. Not only is he knownledgeable about history, but he can teach extremely well.
Great professor who knows his stuff and teaches very well. Should be an easy A as long as you read and take notes in class. No projects or term papers like other teachers. His lectures can get a bit boring cause he goes into way too much details.
He is very clear and interesting
He is a great professor.Good luck guessing on when he will give you a pop quiz! Cuz you'll never know.
The BEST professor I ever had in this school. Really interesting and informative lectures. Analyzes historical events in an interesting matter and from different POVs (political, economical, etc)
2 essay exams. tells u 3 topics for those essays 2 weeks before test date. just pick the essay on war and memoize as many info as u can. put more info from text and make it relevant to essay topic and u get easy A+ for both essays. MAD COOL PROFESSOR
a brilliant professor, extremely interesting. very kind and considerative. exams are essays- just know your material well. highly recommended.
VERY RESPONSIBLE PROFESSOR. VERY ORGANIZED. A PERSON WITH INTEGRITY.
Can't ask for a better Professor, Knows what he is teaching and makes it easy
Professor Sealock is an amazing professor. The class is fairly simply as long as you stay on top of all your assignments. Attendance is not mandatory but I recommend attending class as her lectures are important for exams. Exams are long with many questions and an essay is required for all three of them but the answers are usually on the slides.
Excellent professor, lectures can be boring at times depending on the topic but find a way to make it not boring. textbooks are optional, exams open books and open notes, make sure you participate during lectures, classwork and homework are graded not for accuracy but for the attempt you make or effort you put in to answer the question.
She's the best! Her class is very interesting and she's very well educated on the subject. She shows no bias what so ever, she gives us the content, and allows us to express our opinions. Take this class! Its easy if you do what you're supposed to and she allows extra credit!!!
She is a great teacher. She gives lectures every class but they are very interesting and informative. She lets you use outside resources like notes and the slides she provides during tests. My class was very big so attendance was not mandatory. Very easy and enjoyable class.
Took this course over the summer as an elective and it was a very enjoyable class. This professor knows her stuff and she is great at what she does. Course load included an optional extra credit syllabus quiz, optional essay, 5 discussion posts, and 3 exams. Just watch the lecture videos, take good notes, and you'll do well.
Professor Sealock is honestly such a good professor. This is overall such an easy class and an interesting one too but she finds a way to make it more interesting. Her lectures are long but its fine because the subject matter itself is interesting. She wants you to do well. Make sure you watch the videos and the tests themselves are common sense.
Love her so much. She is very chatty and talks a lot but she tries to engage with students. She follows everything by the syllabus and it is very clear and straightforward. Test are very passable.
Best professor I have had so far at Towson. She is very caring and understanding of her students. She is great at responding to emails and being accessible. She really does care about her students passing and goes out of her way to make sure they are able to understand the material and pass. She made online classes still enjoyable and interesting.
I 100% recommend this professor! She was amazing during the pandemic and was very understanding with the class, making both a large paper assignment and the final exam optional. Course information is very interesting and it is clear she wants her students to succeed!
Loved her class. I appreciated that she was super understanding about the transition due to COVID-19. She did not overwhelm us with work and the assignments were easy. The exams were not too bad and they were open-note. There was one final paper.
Prof Sealock is a great professor. I loved going to her lectures, she always had funny anecdotes and good examples. There were 3 exams and 1 paper as well as some pop quizzes for attendance. She gives out great study guides that explain exactly what is on the exam, and is always ready to explain concepts that I didn't understand. Take her class!!
I took this course for a major requirement. Professor explains things really well and we had a lot of in class exercises that helped me a lot.
Ms. Sealock is really nice and she responds to emails very quickly. There were 3 exams, each we were given a study guide. Exams had a multiple choice section, short answer, and take home essay. Theres also one paper but its not due to the end of the semester
Really interesting class. You will do well if you come to class, and take decent notes. Class discussions got me thinking about different issues I'd never thought about.
She doesn't post the powerpoints on bb so you must come to class also for the reflection questions she gives randomly. But, it is a super easy A the test was so easy and you can use a cheat sheet. Three tests and one paper and they weren't that difficult. The only downside is the lectures are very boring.
She is a great professor! Go to lectures, take good notes, and you will do fine. 3 tests (you get to bring a note sheet), one essay, and the online discussion board is all she grades you on. A lot of extra credit on the exams, but it is necessary to be in class to know what the extra credit is about (specific cases, etc).
I took this class during the winter. Professor Sealock was very accessible and prompt answering emails. The tests were open book and note with opportunities to earn extra credit. I enjoyed all the material and I wish Professor Sealock taught more classes. The material is very interesting. Great winter course.
Really interesting course, definitely my favorite this semester. The grading criteria were straightforward and Dr. Sealock was very helpful outside of class. You do miss a lot if you don't attend class.
Dr. Sealock was a great professor. Her exams are open notes and you have to write a 4-5 page paper. Extra credit is also a major part of the class.
This was my favorite class this semester! Dr. Sealock's lectures are so interesting; she makes sure to explain the material but also ties it to real world situations which was great. 3 tests, extra credit on all of them. One 4-5 page paper on a topic you choose out of 6 prompts. Discussion board posts. Dr. Sealock is always there to help you out!
Dr. Sealock was a really great professor. Her lectures were great, even for an online course. Class grade consists of: class participation, three, open-note exams and one policy essay. Pretty easy grader as long as you do the work. Gives essay questions ahead of time for exams so you can type them ahead of time because the exams are timed.
This class was amazing, Prof. Sealock made me want to minor in crimj. There's 3 exams, there's an easy take home essay and she lets you bring in 2 pages of notes. She gives you a clear study guide and her lectures are so clear that there's no way you'd do badly on tests. Lectures can be dry but for a 3 hour night class I was not disappointed!
very friendly and relaxed; teaches directly from power point and part of the exam is take home. TAKE HER!
Such an easy class. She is very clear and specific in class. The material isn't difficult at all. Takes her time going over everything. Allows a page of notes for the test and always provides a study guide. Very easy class and very nice, friendly teacher. Take her
Super easy tests - get to use a page of notes and there's a study guide! only two outside assignments.
Took this for a gen ed, but liked it so much I switched majors!
Took her class online over the minimester and it was a piece of cake. There's some work involved but it's college, get over it. She's very helpful and it's an easy A. I would definitely recommend her!
Such a nice teacher. She lets you bring two pages of notes to the exam. Willing to proof read before you turn things in, which allows you to receive a better grade. BB slides are more relevant to the tests than book or lecture. Only allowed to miss 3 classes
Class consists of 4 tests, which the lowest grade of the 4 is dropped; 1 easy law enforcement officer interview paper that you have all semester to do; and participation. She also gives you the note outlines to study from. Easy class, and a great professor. I've taken every class she teaches, and she will go out of her way for you. A must take!
Great class and great professor. Lectures were interesting and she was very clear about her expectations. She was very accessible outside of class.
Awsome class, professor Sealock definitely knows whats she is talking about. As long as you show up to class (she checks attendence) and take good notes i see a A in your future. Lecture actually kept me interested and even though tests are about 60% essay, she gives you the essay questions before hand to study. If your considering, take her.
You'd have a hard time finding a more fair and nice professor. A midterm and a final worth 100 points each, a 100 point 10 page paper, 3 20 minutes computer assignments worth 100 points total, and a 50 point participation/attendance grade. You have to give some effort, but the material is not difficult. Also gives note outlines and study guides.
Interesting class, really good prof.
Really interesting class. A must for anyone going into law enforcement or just interested in law enforcement. Exams are very fair and she drops the lowest grade. There's a paper, but it was fun to do and you actually learn something from it!
One of the nicest professors at Towson. You do have to put in some effort and pay attention but if you do that you'll do great! Took it for a gen ed but really learned a lot.
Seriously you would have to be an idiot to not do well in this class. She gives lecture notes before class and study guides before the exams to help you study. She makes herself available to meet with you to talk about your exams which I found very helpful. Highly recommend!
This has been my favorite college course so far. Not just because I did well, but because she made the class so very interesting. If you take the class seriously at all, you will get an A. If you blow it off, you won't. Ask my friends. Dr. Sealock makes it seem easy, so you may be tempted to skip. Don't do it! Besides, she's very nice to look at.
Exam content very clear. Little to no material from book. Come to class a pay attention for an A+. A little boring sometimes.
Explains what will be tested. Showing up earns you points. Easy.
she is the best teacher i have ever had. because of her i know what to do with my life. i am actually excited to go to class and look forward to taking her tests.
Competent teaching, interactive class, and she couldn't be more clear on what you're tested on. 3 tests, she gives you the questions the week beforehand and lets you use two index cards. can you beat that? no paper, yes attendance policy.
Great teacher, very clear and illustrates material with real life examples. Takes attendance, but I never mind going.
i want her to bear my children!
very clear and very nice lady, knows what she is talking about and is not boring, easy quizzes and tests are not bad if you study, take her
Excellent teacher: clear and interesting, illustrates the class with scary serial murders stories and easy tests if you learn (only) your class notes.
great teacher..one of the few classes i haven't minded going to...quiz's and and 2 non-cumulative tests
Love her... Nicest teacher evr, easy class, and very informative
Intro to CJ was a breeze and she presented info in an understandable way. Great.
NICE, good teacher, very helpful, interesting class
mostly lecture, teaches out of book but also uses anecdotes. very nice&easy!
I was scared to death of this class, but I don't have any trouble with it. He's nice, patient, and helpful, and he steps through each type of problems multiple times. He does not quiz/test on things he does not cover in class. I just GO TO CLASS and take notes, and that's enough to get me a high A.
Loved her class so much. Such a great professor to have and so nice!
She is incredibly accomodating and helpful. The lectures and discussions are fascinating, the readings are reasonable and fairly interesting. I would highly recommend this course and Ries.
She's the most caring and emotional professor I've met so far. She always gives extensions on deadlines if you just ask and is willing to help in all sorts of ways. You can tell that she loves what she does. I'd say she's an easy grader.
Professor Ries is a fantastic and well-traveled professor. Full of stories, she focuses on the "little people" when tackling the topics of war and the resulting trauma. Participate in her class and get to know her - you won't regret it.
Prof. Ries is FANTASTIC; perhaps my favorite professor at Colgate. She is incredibly smart and constructs a well-developed syllabus that moves throughout the semester truly allowing individual intellectual growth. Take a class with her any chance you get!
Great to be in class with as long as you pay attention
He always walks around to check on everyone. Whenever we make a mistake, he would just tell us and give us advice on how to fix it. He is very patient and makes sure everyone is on the same page. In addition, he is quite energetic! Overall, he will always be there to help.
Loved her she is awesome and her class has some good challenges.
By far my favorite teacher and class at LSU. I wish I could take it again. Extremely interesting, but studying is defiantly a must so is attending class, although she doesn't take attendance. Plus you have to be able to stomach images of dead bodies. I would recommend it to anyone. You will not regret taking this class.
Mary was one of the best teachers I ever had. She did a great job of keeping me interested in the subject, covering the syllabus and adding material her own fascinating field to motivate the students. She allowed me to volunteer in the physical anthropology lab which made the course even more relevant and interesting. A+
I love this professor. She's my reason for waking up on mon,wed, and fri.
She is sweet and funny. Her exams come straight from the lectures.
Very good teacher
She presents challenging ideas in the classroom and will answer all questions cheerfully. She goes out of her way to help her students learn.
His class can be a little boring but pay attention. He is nice but the font he uses may throw you off. His final test was very difficult so make sure you keep up with all the material he instructs you to read.
Group exams, and attendance points
LOVE THIS GUY, SO HELPFUL, NICE AND SHOW RESPECT TO HIS STUDENTS, MAKE SURE TO SHOW YOUR SELF DURING OFFICE HOURS.. TAKE HIME
Hybrid class but if you study you will get an A. Its college,you can't expect to get by with just procrastinating or not actually studying.
Dr. Jordan is an amazing professor. He is extremely knowledgeable in his subject, brings front interesting stories that you will never hear before. Although his exams are extremely hard, he curves his exam 10-30 points. Attendance is somewhat important, because he does iClickers points. Final exam was done through iClicker, can work with peers.
I learned more interesting facts in his class than any other class. He's really good at explaining concepts by making sure his wording is correct when speaking. The tests are tedious but make sense if you go to class every day.
It is a very interesting class! He tells great stories and shows a lot of videos. The tests are somewhat difficult, but if you look up the answers to the sample questions, you'll be fine.
His lectures are hilarious and very interesting and informative! The tests can be tricky, but if you do the sample questions in the back of the book, you'll be fine.
Dr. Jordan is the most knowledgable man in Evolution and Ecology at UTSA! His classes are extreemly educational and very interesting! If you fill out his study guides and know the material you're guaranteed an A! Highly recommended!
GREAT GUY! Taking his EVOLUTION lecture in Spr. '07! Some exam questions from in class videos. Read the book before class. Study guide was the biggest help. Get with a group of ppl from class and do the study guide together, then ask professor for help if there are undecided answers to ques. Thats how we all managed A's and B's for this course. :)
do his sample exam packets or get the answers from some one else and study it. You will get an A
Dr. Jordan is probably one of the best profs on campus. He is extremely helpful and his classes surely are not an easy A if u go to class, do his study guides like religously, you are set for an A.He is always helpful with a smile and yeah.....he sure is sort of cute!!!
He's an amazing teacher and so so intelligent, the subject matter is hard though and he expects you to know your stuff, his classes are not easy B's or A's, you need to study study study but it's possible, and he's also kind of hott!
Wonderful teacher! Interacts well with students. Treats students respectfully. Knows alot about what he is teaching and always has time for his students!
What a hottie! Get his old test and get a guaranteed A! Most of his questions are exactly from the old tests.
Good instructor. Really knows his field(s) of study. In case you didn't notice, he has both a JD and PhD. Just study the guide and it'll be ok. If in doubt, guess False!
great professor, with very useful knowledge. Hoever, his exams seem to be more tricky than in determining if you have retained the information of not, test questions must be read very carefully and looking for those distractors that messes you up.
He clearly enjoys teaching and lecturing. Even without the mic, his style makes you want to pay attention, as he is very in-your-face and does his best to make the somewhat boring course material more fun and entertaining than it has any right to be. Definitely recommend taking his class if you don't mind actually having to study for the exams.
One of my favorite professors!!! So interesting and fun! Exams are exactly like study guides.
Dr. Porter truely loves teaching Comm. This class is so easy and the tests come directly from the notes. He even gives out at outline to fill the notes into as well as study guides. I would recommend this class to anyone is any major.
Such a neat guy, kind of dumb about modern technology, but really really helpful. Basically genius, makes you look at media in a whole new way!
awesome guy
This was by far my favorite class. Dr. Porter is very engaging in lecture and knows the material very well. You will love this class because he makes it so interesting.
Very good and interesting, good at working the big crowd.
Porter is probably my favorite professor. He is crazy, but he can sit down and help you do good. If you put the effort in you can pretty easilly get an A
Great teacher, very interesting class.
I love this guy. His stories keep me engaged and help me to feel passion for the subject.
Was Prof of the Year when I was there. Best at Mizzou, bar none.
I first had Professor Brent as a professor my freshman year of college while taking his introduction to sociology course. I enjoyed this class a lot and even decided to minor in sociology. I am now a senior and just got done taking his social psychology course. I HATE writing, but you can rewrite the essays as many times as you need so I liked that
he is a G
If you are regular to your class, and do all the assignments, its easy A.
Boring lectures but easy A if you go to class regularly. Do all the SAGrader assignments which help to make up for the points you will loose in the exams. Make sure you reach out for help. Very helpful professor.
Don't miss his classes as he takes point off . Easy and helpful professor.
One of the best class I have ever taken. Nicest professor who was willing to go outside the classroom to help students.. Thank god! MU has such an amazing professor
Very helpful, intelligent and friendly professor I have ever taken class with. Even though his lectures are boring once in a while, he is willing to help students and give enough time on the course materials. Take class with him if you actually want to learn
He is one of the best professor i have ever taken class with. Enthusiastic, helpful and understanding. Be regular to his class, you get lot out of his class.
Chief Budds LIVES for his students and for their education. Get on his level and you will be transformed into a beautiful academic butterfly. One of the few professors in our department whose open door is literally open whenever he is in his office. This man is a saint. He is the Jesus of music history. He will save you, but you must believe!
You will cry after every test, but you will learn a ton from this class. The lectures are great.
Welcome to college!! No whiners allowed, but on the off chance you came to Mizzou to LEARN SOMETHING, Dr. Budds is your man! Take Jazz Pop and Rock for a challenge and to expand your horizons---dude is hilarious and he really knows his stuff. I would take his class again if I could!
Budds is a fantastic teacher. It is apparent that he knows more about jazz than rock, but he knows a lot about both.
Great Times!
Mr. Jankowski, I may not know the difference between Doug Leibinger and Doug Funnie, but when you turn something in I expect the worst.
Dr. Budds has a unique ability to look at musicology in new and interesting ways, and to clearly present his ideas to his students. He challenges pushes his students, but he is always willing and eager to help them. He is one of the best teachers I have had at the university.
Dr. Budds is possibly the best teacher I've ever had. Although his physical appearance belies the hotness factor, his passion for American music and the way he can tell a story has my heart beating hard during every class. I love this man!
Overall, it was pretty easy, you don't have to go if you don't want to but at least watching the recorded lectures is helpful. All tests and homework are open note, and all tests are weighted the same including the final.
Easy if you put in the work. He's kind and takes class slow so that it's easier to keep up.
nice guy really funny, posts lectures to panopto so no need to go to class just watch and make sure you understand examples, online homework is pretty easy, dont really need to read online textbook, 4 tests are multiple choice & written but super easy if you understand workbook practice test, discussion is optional only go if you have questions
Really nice teacher and very helpful. I got the feeling that he just wants to help the kids learn and have an enjoyable time. No doom and gloom like a lot of profs.
Excellent class, math is fairly straightforward, concepts are easy enough to grasp. Watch the videos (can be watched at 1.5x speed), do the practice question. You will get a good grade. Exam is the same exact format as the practice questions with different numbers. I used a $3 calculator and got an A!
Dr. Ries explains concepts very clearly. He sends lots of canvas announcements for reminders. Do the practice tests when studying for the exams; they help a ton. The hmwk assignments are online and easy to get 100s on. If you put in some work, youll do well.
Larrys lectures are enjoyable and they are all posted online so you can watch them later and not go to the lecture. Class grade is mostly made up of tests so make sure you study! As long as you watch the videos or go to class you will do fairly well.
Ries is great. He makes the lectures interesting. There are weekly quizzes and homework but they are not hard and if you are struggling you can go to the discussions and if you can't understand your TA you can go to a different TA for help. I did NOT think his grading was hard, its math you either get the right answer or you don't.
Great class, you dont always have to go. Easy A if you watch the videos, and a lot of practice exams that are just like the test and finals.
He is a super easy teacher. His lectures are clear and if you still don't understand him you can go to your discussion and the TA will help too. He also has tegrity and gives out tons of practice exams for each test. If you have to take stats take his class. Also attendance in lectures is not necessary unless you're struggling
Larry is one of my favorite professors at Mizzou. He records all his lectures on tegrity, so you can easily get an A without going to class. There is a purple formula packet, as long as you know how to use it, you'll get an A.
Larry Ries is the reason I changed my major to Statistics! He is a super great teacher and MU couldn't have hired a more knowledgeable professor. You can tell that he cares about making sure you learn the material. He breaks it down to a science and uses PLENTY of examples. He's funny and you never have to come to class because everything's online!
Ries explains well and is pretty nice. Sometimes it's difficult to understand the statistics TA's English, so I mostly skimmed his powerpoints and tegrity lectures which were well organized and developed.
If you fail this class with this prof drop out of college. If you haven't taken stat make sure you take this dude when you have to enroll in it. Guaranteed A-B
Absolutely hate math, but loved this class! Ries makes it interesting, and easy to understand. I didnt even go to discussion section because he explained everything well enough in class. Take previous semesters exams as practice for tests and you should do just fine.
Professor Ries does an excellent job of keeping students interested in stat. He also post all the classes and review online just encase you miss. The quizes are short only 15 mins to complete them though.
Larry is really entertaining and tries to joke around to make class worthwhile for those who do attend his lectures (his powerpoints and lectures are also online). Quizzes are very easy, though they're only 4 questions, and tests are easy as well. The best way to review is by taking practice exams online!
if you go to class, it will be the easiest class you ever take. i studied the night prior for about and hour for every exam and got A's on all of them. he answers your questions after class if you want to ask them and the online quizzes are SUPER easy. great teacher.
if you come to class and work on his practice quizes/exams, you'll be fine.
Very easy class, he knows what he is talking about, and as long as you practice the exams you will do great in this class!
the class was extremely easy. He started posting the notes for the first time in my class which made me not ever go to class. I didn't go since the second week of classes and I passed every test with flying colors. All you have to do is practice ALL of the seven tests he gives you online and the questions on your test will look almost identical.
Professor Ries is a wonderful Statistics teacher and one of the best math teachers I've ever had.
Good teacher, seems to love his job. The class was pretty easy, but I actually looked forward to coming to class.
His examples were clear and the class wasn't all that hard. The jokes were corny but he has charm.
Great professor! He deserves a peppa!
new ebook. Dr Doub explains well gives examples and worksheets to practice. More than fair and cares about students. assessable to students. recommend her
If you keep up you will get a good grade. Rec taking her. Dr. Doub wis always available by email and answers questions anytime. Office hours were around class time and she was there to answer. In class she went over it until we understood. I think mosts in my class liked her.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND TAKING THIS COURSE!!! This is the best math professor I have ever had. The test problems were exactly like what we did in class. She goes over each topic in depth the class before the exams which really helps a lot. She also gives multiple opportunities for extra credit in class and offers extra credit on every exam.
great prof. amazing amazing amazing. I was worried about this required course but Dr Doub guided the class through the concepts. Work the worksheets and come to class and you will pass with a good grade. Course material is hard but lectures explain so problems can be worked. Take her
Dr Doub was amazing. Allowed us to work together to practice. Dropped lowest quiz grade and you could choose problems on the tests. We all felt like we could ask questions. If you came to class, worked the practice problems and asked questions, you should get a good grade. Would take again.
Professor Doub is a wonderful person and teacher. She wants her students to do well and makes it very easy to do so. She will always spend extra time to make sure that everyone understands and her homework assignments are clear and very helpful. She is also funny.
Best math teacher I have ever had! She gives so much extra credit that it is almost impossible to fail. I had a two hour class twice a week and she let us out in an hour every class. She is so funny and nice! TAKE HER CLASS!
Doub is the best. Course ws reequired for my major so interest level was nada. Goes over the material and give a lot of examples. You h ave to know how to work the problems and "apply the material" but you practice with all these problems. Would recommend her.
Dr Doub is one of the best math professors at Towson. She cares about the students and the lectures explain this required course and all those worksheets are helpful. Tests are fair and has practice tests to help prepare. you have to keep up cause each class builds on the one before. i'd recommend her and would take her again
very slow and boring. must do assignments to pass. must be in class to get assignments and instructions.
took 204 and 205 with Doub. Fantastic professor. alot of examples and lectures were very clear. always gave extra credit for the tests and reviews that were like the tests. three quarter of class always made A on the tests. most of the class like her. I recommend her as she is one of the best in the math dept.
Great prof. Made this course easy. If you go to class you will ace the tests. More than half the class had A's.
204 and 205 are really review courses of general math. We are elem ed students. Dr. Doub uses problem sets and expects us to work them as HW so we can discuss in class. She makes sure we understand and can work these problems. The tests are like these problems. Like her and recommend her sections. I enjoy coming to class/
Doub is the best! Attendance isn't mandatory, but I recommend going. Everything you learn in class is on the test. Homework is minimal. The tests are fairly simple, and you can use a formula sheet. She offers plenty of extra credit opportunities. In a horrible TU math department, Doub stands out as one of the best. Take her!
She is an awesome professor. I took her for 205 and 204, take her if you have the chance. Helps with any question you have and gives you a lot of review time before the test with worksheets that normally have the same questions on the test. So sweet too. Take dr. doub and if you somewhat study you'll get an A no doubt
I was terrified of statistics but she made it easy to understand. Although the information was difficult, she made sure EVERYONE understood. I took her for another math course and she was a good teacher in both. Partial credit and occasional bonus q's. Only downside, the syllabus said only A's, no A-'s..yet I got an A-. Other than that, great prof.
Just checked my senester grade--A!!!! That cumulative final exam really helped me to (as she says) dig out from a dip in a test score. DrDoub is sooo nice and encouraging and super fair in testing. If you don't make an A then you worked not to. Work the problams and come to class.. I would take her again. One great profesor.
WAS ANXIOUS ABOUT BIOSTATS SINCE REQUIRED BUT DR DOUB MADE THIS CLASS FUN TO LEARN THIS CR... SHE IS EXTREMELY SMART AND REALLY KNOWS BIOSTATS AND ENJOYS TEACHING AND CAN CONNECT WITH STUDENTS TESTS ARE LIKE CLASS HW. EXCELLENT PROF. TAKE DR DOUB .IF WORK PROBS THIS IS SO EASY CAUSE SHE EXPLAINS SO YOU CAN UNDERSTAND IT. GREAT, GREAT PROF
If you work the hw probs and attend class this calss is an easy A. Tests are just like the probs in class and she grades with part credit. review for exam was great and she outlined the exam. take this prof she is more than fair and helpful.
I actually passed stats with a A.This was not possible without DrDoub being so interested in helping us learned this ***stuff.Going to class and learaning to work these problems(never will use again)was actually ok.Tests just like HW. If I can pass with A anybody can. DrDoub is one pleasant great prof. More than fair.Best math prof Ive had
Second time taking 231. Dr Doub is the best. Works problems on the board and opens up to questions until you have it. Will find your errors. Tests are easy if you have done homework p robs and she tells you what to expect. She is very fair and easy going. Excellent prof. I would recommend her definately!!!
This is a fun class where the homework is always discussed in class and questions are encouraged and answered. I do not like math but Dr Doub has made this class very easy for  me.  She will stay after class to go over problems you have.  She is very helpful and wants you to learn the material.  Great prof-- take her!!
Would not be a statistican but this course teaches it to you and Prof Doub is EXCELLENT!!! Works probs in class and keeps the interest of the class. Most of us enjoy the class and really learning this stuff. Best ever-- helpful and clear... take her!!!
GOTTA TAKE THIS PROF-- REALLY EXCELLENT! MAKES YOU LEARN THE LOGIC OF STATS BUT WORKS ALOT OF PROBS SO YOU GET IT. GOTTA COME TO CLASS AND DO HW OR WILL FALL BEHAIND. GREAT, GREAT, GREAT PROF. YOU WILL LEARN STATS.
Best prof Ive had. Why she gets awards. Very intelligent but explains so even I could understand. Recommend her highly. Tests are very hard but more than fair. She is one of the best profs Ive had and recommend her. You will learn stats
really good prof-- goes over material and intro material very well. recommend her but expect to work hard-- does not grade on curve and expects students to work. Excellent prof
I'm really not a math person and I did well in the class. She explains material until you get it and dont be afraid to ask questions. She values attention and class participation. Do homework assignments they help with test. Overall she is a good teacher, I would take her for another math class if I had to.
TAKE! easiest class ever! just go to class and get an A
Good teacher! Excellent class. Laid back, often did not show up
I really like her as a teacher. As long as you come to class and take notes you are guaranteed an A. She is very nice and the class is just as easy as they come.
very nice professor
Keeps it germane in German!
It's a SHAME not all professors are him!! Great pedagouge!
nice guy. tries hard. if you try hard he will help you out.
A very good professor for a first semester. Very nice and helpful. Has a strong interest in German. Overall great professor.
Great guy!
Very understanding, respected and knowledgable. You need to be flexible if you want to take his class Social Movements. Assignments and due dates change but he is receptive to student input. There aren't a lot of assignments but the readings are a must for class discussions and you do need to participate in activities to pass the class.
Great professor, taken several classes from Robert. He is extremely caring and understanding, but be ready for lots of reading. A few papers with the option for revision. Based mainly on discussions and attendance is mandatory. Overall an awesome professor!
This professor was very interesting and encourages his students to have an opinion and be able to use history as evidence. I really enjoyed this class, the grading is quite lenient, but the readings are brutal. Keeping up with the readings will definitely help, if you don't you might be a little lost during lecture.
Awesome speaker. Knowledgeable.
Really interesting professor. He's very prepared each lecture and his TAs (which you'll get to know more than him himself) are very helpful. Keep up with readings (there's A LOT) and make sure you get your terms down each lecture -- with that you should be fine.
he is really cool and funny. he brings up good arguments. but there is too much reading in his class. overall, he is good and thorough.
Easy professor thought provoking and he's a fair grader!
He is willing to go out of his way to help and is great about taking care of problems that come up. The tests are a lot of writing, but the material is covered well in class. As long as you speak up in his class or online and get to know him a little, the class is a pretty easy grade.
Perk is an awesome professor, was willing to change pace in his class lectures to current events so that his students are aware of how his teachings are relevant to modern day events. highly recommended. very knowledgable and supportive
Very challengin class with choke READING! But is super easy to get an A if you are good with powers of persuasion and debating....
Correction: He got his Ph.D. from Yale.
Got his Masters from Yale, so he's brilliant, but relateable because he's young.
Obviously very passionate and knowledgable about the topics he teaches. Very fun guy to talk to, and very helpful when you reach out. If you tell him your major or things you are interested in he always has tips and books to read. Papers were difficult and you really had to have independent thoughts and think on the topic!
Mark Heberle revitalizes old literature in his amazing lectures. Very clear on his paper assignments, but do go into his office hours for revisions before turning it in. BSing an essay will grant you a C at the most (B- if you are good at it), so don't take his classes if this is your "shtick." Take good notes for his hard exams. Nice man overall!
This professor is a tough grader, and his exams are difficult, but he is such an outstanding man with a wealth of knowledge! If you visit him during office hours for help, and if you show effort in your papers, there is no way that you can fail. Start your papers in advance! He expects insightful papers.
This man is amazing and brilliant. He makes me appreciate John Milton (someone I hated). This class focuses on War Theory--super interesting. He's a Vietnam Vet, so he gives good insight. Shockingly, he is flexible on due dates. He is helping me apply for grad school, which is kind of him. Most profs are too busy to do so.
I thought it impossible to make me appreciate Renaissance poetry, but Mark inspired me to dive into it. Class is predominantly lectures with some group assignments. I enjoy his analyses and enthusiasm about what we're learning. Reading his handwritten comments is hard, but it's helpful taking advantage of office hours for further help with papers.
Will help you with class work, will constantly remind you of what and when things are due.
Best professor ever! Clear, nice, full of energy. A little hasty but nevertheless the best guy to learn literature from!!!!!
The readings are plenty and long for this lit class; you will feel like you read the same thing 5 times. His lectures are helpful, but he spends most of the class time talking, not engaging in discussion. He will help greatly if you make office appointments to go over the readings.
He's very enthusiastic about English! He seems sort of jittery and nervous, but is incredibly knowledgeable. Always willing to help students, grades fairly, offers constructive criticism, and is an overall nice guy. Sometimes class can get boring because he's usually the only one talking, but nonetheless I would highly recommend him.
Good
fun guy and zionist
Professor Twigg is a wonderful professor and I would recommend any of her courses to anyone. She is super intelligent and one of the nicest professors I have ever had. She also brought food for her students in 391 every single class which was so thoughtful and made coming to class extra fun. She is truly the best.
Best professor at VCU, if you can envision a perfect professor look no further than Dr. Judy Twigg. Dr. Twigg blows me away with her intelligence and thoughtfulness. This is my second 391 with her and My goodness I couldn't be more ecstatic about a professor. Never have I had a professor bring so much to the table...
If you're great at typing papers and can write anything on a drop of a dime, then this class is perfect. Since I'm great at writing, I didn't have a problem with a few 5 page papers through the whole semester and then one 10 page. This class is good too if you love economics because that's the only thing that will be talked about in the books.
She's the best. If you're a political science student, or just taking a Poli class she is a must! Super friendly and passionate about what she teaches! No needed textbook, but she assigns relevant articles and readings that are interesting or if they are a little dense she will cover in class. We also had great guest speakers! You'll love Judy!
Professor Twigg, is an amazing political science teacher. Her 365 class was so much fun to take and really challenges you. She is super caring about her students and is very understanding. Definitely would take her class again.
She's fr one of the best professors & GENUINELY cares about her students. You definitely need to do some work to pass/get an A but you get to choose what you want to do. For example, if you want you can take an exam or if that's not your style you can other things (like a journal, film review, etc), you have many choices. She's v considerate!!
I took this class online and it was 6 books and 5 papers (all 5 pages, except one paper which was 10 pages min because it analyzed two books). She gives you guidelines on how to write your paper, all analysis based. After the first paper, it is easy to figure out what she expects. While there are guidelines, you are pretty free to pick any angle.
I took this class online with proff Twigg. There was a ton of reading and a paper for each book but she was super understand and caring. Lets you hand in things late with no penalty, the whole semester was outlined in the syllabus and it was only reading, papers and blog postings. I got an A and she was very nice and accommodating
Great professor! One of the best! I took her International Health class and she is very lecture heavy but they are not boring and usually are super interesting. It was a 3 hour class so you do get tired sometimes but it's doable. I would have only taken that class with her.
I absolutely love this woman. She is so kind and sweet and really does care about her students. Her classes do have a bit of work, but she's a good grader. Do make sure to pay attention and actually go to class. Her lectures are good and well engaged.
Twigg was great with feedback and a very realistic grader, read the books and you'll get a good grade!
Twigg is a great professor to take for POLI365. She's a fairly easy grader who provides great feedback and really cares about her students. Just make sure to follow her guidelines in her syllabus-- she's very clear about what she wants and expects from you. She shows interesting videos and initiates great discussions in class.
You are assigned readings and you write about them. Clear cut, just read.
Although there were 8 books to read and 8 papers, Professor Twigg is a very nice lady. She gives back very helpful comments and grades the papers VERY easily. Take her for an easy A.
Although this course is heavily based on writing papers, she is very eager and open to discussing the books on an individual basis. She gives really insightful feedback in a respectful manner and since I took the course online, I wasn't sure how it would work but i'd do it again in a heartbeat... Just be ready to read the books carefully!
I'm so glad I took this online course with Dr. Twigg. The books she assigned were very interesting, and I learned *a lot*. We had 6 books to read and 5 papers to write. 3 five-page papers and 2 ten-page papers. She gave me wonderful feedback, and really good suggestions. I'd definitely take another class with her!
Take her, she is seriously amazing. Passionate, engaging lecturer, and the class is seriously easy if you put in the minimum amount of time. Getting an A is very manageable but you can get tons out of her lectures if you choose to put in extra effort.
TAKE HER! The only downfall is that you have to buy 7 books for 5 papers, however, you can get some books from googlebooks.5 papers due:3 are 5 pgs & 2 are 10 pgs (with each paper a blackboard discussion board is also due).I believe she does not truly grade papers, but just gives you a good grade. No tests, no quizzes. Very nice & Easy A!
She is an awesome professor! She is very passionate about her class and her students. I've never been big on lecture classes before but she makes it interesting and easily connects with her students. I will definitely be taking more of her classes. I would strongly recommend her.
Simply the best!
Dr. Twigg is such a great professor! She's really nice and is clearly interested in what she's teaching. Her discussions are interesting and as long as you come to class and read the book you should be fine. Even though it's a pretty big class, she is very approachable and willing to help.
She is one of the gurus of the filed! Prof. Twigg combines it all: field experience, research, and theory. She is very encouraging and understanding, very open, although very professional and strict. She is an amazing scholar and professor! Take her class and you will gain both knowledge and a friend.
Mrs.Twigg is an awesome professor!
Very good!! Came to class prepared, knew what she was going to say & said it all within the time period. She gave a quiz every week, which lets you know how you are doing, and the tests consist of quiz questions... no trick questions. Go girl!
Absolutely hands down the best there is at VCU. It was a distinct pleasure to take her international relations class. She makes the topic interesting and made it reflect what was happening in the world at the time. A real pleasure to listen to, and see. Extremely attractive, intelligent, and doesn't have a detectable ego problem.
Professor Twigg is one of the most intelligent women I have ever met. She clearly loves the study of political science, and is generous with feedback. She was also willing to assist me with personal recommendations for academic pursuits. I would recommend her to anyone!
Inernational Political Economy is hard to make fun - but she was a very fair teacher. If you do your work you will pass. If you have anything unique to offer in discussion you will thrive.
Course was very rewarding. Self paced online course with 7 books to read and 5 papers to write along with discussion board submissions. 3 were 5 pages and 2 were 10 pages. Very easy if you keep up with the reading.
Took this class over holiday intersession-it was great.Never had class,just read 6 books and write 4 papers. Make the effort and she will reward you. Very fair and honest. Quick to get back with you on any questions. Nice way to get 3 credits in 2 weeks. Recommend.
A very good teacher, makes the class think. Also there were some very interesting debates in the class. Overall a very enjoyable, easy A teacher.
Great Professor! She was one of the best professors I ever had and her grading is very fair. If you study what she talks about then you'll do great in the class. You just can't go wrong with her.
Fantastic professor. Really knows a ton about International politics. Her tests in this class were extremely easy, she didn't try to trick you. She also gave a lot of extra credit points if you did the extra credit assignments. Despite how easy the class was, I learned a lot in it.
She is my favorite professor so far. She is extremely knowlegable on the subjects she covers, has a sense of humor, and is full of interesting facts.
She's a very good teacher. Her class is very easy to pass if you stay on top of it. You don't even need to go to class and you can finish it in less than a semester so you can move on with your life. If you have to take this class, take her.
Very interesting and clear about the material she covers. Go to class, take notes, you can easily get a B or higher. She knows her stuff, engages in conversation with students, very cheerful and helpful professor.
Awesome professor. Knows her stuff. She doesn't even need the book to teach, but she loves to stick random facts from the book on her tests so still browse the chapters. Power points are all the essentials. If you can't learn to like her or her teaching method, you really are a lazy lazy person lol
amazing, remarkable, informative, challenging, provocative, stimulating, powerful. truly excellent professor.
Dr. Twigg is one of th best teachers at VCU. She and Dr. Newmann make an incredible pair and it's upsetting to see their classes cutting back b/c of new admin duties. She provides a wealth of knowledge on international issues, especially anything russian. she is a great resource.
she makes it really easy and very straightforward
Great teacher, easy class!
definately cool
Nice guy, good teacher. If you don't get an A in his class you are a moron. Oh yeah, he loves busting cheaters which I like too! Too bad he doesn't teach more classes!
One of the EASIEST classes you will take as an OSU engineering student. My advice: do the work if you expect an A. The work and material aren't difficult at all. Professor Lundquist is a good professor and cool guy once you get to know him.
very easy class, can get an A without even going to class except on exam
Great all around guy. He knows alot about everything, no matter what your major might be. Visit him in his office.
Really easy class, makes you wonder who actully gets less than an A in it. His grading system is pretty complicated but it ensures you a good grade. I wish he would not encourage stupid people to voice their opinions though.
His grading systems almost guarantees an A or A- if you do the work. He can be condescending, but he's very fair.
Tough but fair
Seriously, if you are too stupid to get an A in his class, then you are GW Bush!
if you can't figure out how to ace this class, you don't belong in engineering
very strict but very good
Great teacher! He's really nice and he got to know all of us. His assignments were easy and the workload was pretty light in general. His lectures were interesting.
great guy
Dr. Shoulders is an excellent professor, he will teach you accounting. There is normal HW and tests based on the chapters. The interactive book helps understand the chapters better. He will stay after class to explain things to you or you can catch him during office hours. Overall I think he is one of the best professors I have had at UNC Pembroke.
Dr. Shoulders bent over backwards to ensure we received the best possible education. Accounting is hard, but he is willing to do whatever it takes to make sure you understand the subject. He is hands down one of the best professors I have ever had. He was even willing to let us call him on his cell phone on the weekends if we needed help.
He is a nice and well respected professor. He does give pre-tests outside of class, so be wary of that. His lectures are pretty interesting and he is willing to help with anything you may need outside of class.
Tough & thorough exams BUT is a fair grader. VERY smart & an excellent teacher.
God bless Marelyn Schneider, the best teacher ever!
Best prof in YU
She's great. There to help all the time. Easy A with little effort. She's a good class to take to raise your GPA
easy A, review sheet, entertaining
awesome prof. great teacher and will help you if you ask. let me do extra credit and raised my grade from an 83 to a 91. as long as you are an interested student he will let you do well.
Love his approach and the way he interprets texts. Thinks outside the box which is great. Fascinating. Challenging. Learned so much!! Nice guy too.
Professor Leibowitz is one of the most caring and dedicated professors I ever had. You can only do well by attending the lectures, asking questions and completing the homework assignments. His tests are challenging but he never attempts to trick his students. They are always fair and if you study and pay attention in class you will do well!
Professor Leibowitz is one of the most caring and dedicated professors I ever had. He not only gives incredible lectures but he is always willing to help students outside of class as well. His tests are challenging but he never attempts to trick his students. They are always fair and if you study and pay attention in class you will do well!
Great professor in the accounting program at YU. He also had a real accounting background starting his own firm and worked as an in house accountant teaching accountants as a large accounting firm and might of been big 4. He is also a mench and cares believably about each student.
Professor Leibowitz is a TOP professor. If you really want to understand accounting and not just memorize, he is your guy. He provides you with all of the materials and practice problems needed to succeed in the course. He is always available to meet and cares about his students. Work load is very reasonable. I highly recommend his course.
Best teacher I've had at YU. Great at explaining concepts and extremely kind. More fun then I thought I could have learning accounting.
No questions asked one of the top professors in any college. He is clear, helpful, accommodating, and a great person. The textbook is only used for problems as he tells you what you need to know. Tests are straightforward and fair.
Professor Leibowitz is a terrific teacher and a wonderful person. He really cares about his students and wants them to succeed. He makes accounting very clear and understandable. Homework is very minimal and his tests are very straightforward. A MUST take!
Great Professor, He gives you an outline to take notes from which clarifies everything!! Do the multiple choice questions in the book - he puts some of them on the exam!! Really helpful, nice and understanding. Take him!!!
Prof. L is great! He is helpful, understanding, and a great teacher. One of the best Accounting prof I had in my whole time here. If you have an option of taking him, i highly recommend him.
DR L is a solid teacher. The higher education system would be a lot better if other teachers had his attitude, commitment, and love for students. He shouldve won teacher of the year but thats besides the point.
Dr. Leibowitz is a great professor. He presents the material very clearly, and even when it does get confusing, he is always there to clarify... he is not out to trick you...wants everyone to do well!!
Great Professor. If you can understand the material, youll get a good grade. If you cant, h'll help you understand it. Verystraightforward tests. No suprises. Hes not there to trick you, just to test your knowledge.
Dr. L is one of the most caring Professors that I've ever had. He's also a very good teacher and he is able to make accounting clear and even at times easy, something that truly takes talent-I certainly learned a ton-Thanks!
This man is one of the nicest men and best teachers i have ever encountered. I would seriously reccoment this teacher to any business student or any student interested in accounting. He will do whatever is necessary to help you succeed
Dr. L is the man.
I was afraid that i wouldnt understand anything when it came to accounting because everyone told me it was so confusing. But due to Professor L's clear and straightforward approach, the class was a great foundation to help build my major on.
Prof Lebowitz is one of the nicest teachers I have ever had. He truly cares about each and every student and wants everyone to learn.
Dr. Liebowitz is the best professor ive had so far at YU. He is very clear, knows the material perfectly, and is very nice, caring and helpfull.
I have had Professor Leibowitz for, now, 4 classes. He is by far the most compassionate, caring, and helpful teacher I've ever come accross. He teaches SO well that all you need to do, is - listen! And he TRULY cares about every one of us. AMAZING!
Very caring
Dr. Leibowitz is easily the best teacher in Sy Syms. He is more than accomodating to every student. It's sad that a few students who are too stupid and lazy to get a decent grade in this relatively easy course gave him poor ratings.
awesome
Excelent teacher, mentor, and friend. Not only does he teach you the material thoroughly and prepare you, he spends much of his own time preparing handouts, homework answers, and meeting and emailing students on a regular basis. HE GENUINELY CARES ABOUT U
He's a great teacher nad explains accounting very well. Just pay attention in class and you won't need to study. He's a great professor and very understaning. There's no one better to take in Sy Syms.
Dr. Leibowitz, is one of the nicest people I've ever met. He's perhaps THE most caring prof in school & will always go out of his way to help you. Any mature person can easily recognize that. Too bad he's not teaching other subjects!
One of the best professors in the school--- by a longshot. He cleary cares how your doing and takes the time to make sure he gets to know you and helps you if you have an issues. As far as I'm concerned, the only acc prof to go with if you can.
Not only does he prepare the students well for practical situations in the workforce, but points out specific examples that will be tested on the CPA exam. Additionally, his door is open to students and he inquires of their well-being after graduation.
Anyone who degrades Pr. Leibowitz by insulting him because he believes in a seating chart or rides a scooter is missing the point as to what really matters in a professor. The man is an intelectual, and has a heart of gold. Take advantage while you can.
He is one of the best teachers in thew school. Very nice, teaches clearly.
good
very intellignet man, interesting class, wonderful approach to teaching. I love his classes and I took 4 already.
Rabbi Berman is one the most brilliant people alive! He is a true scholar and an academic! although i personally do not subscribe to a lot of his views i think taking his class caused me to become more informed and enlightented.
Took several courses fr. 1989-93@Stern. BRILLIANT!! Open-minded, non-judgmental. Learned so much! One of the best professors ever!
Honestly, Harold was pretty chill at first, he didnt give any work and the class was easy. Flash forward three weeks in and I catch him spreading his gooch hairs on my exam after I handed it in, kinda weird move tbh. Overall would watch that again though highly recommend this class.
Best professor you'll ever have. INSPIRING
awesome
An excellent professor - very dedicated.
wonderful, kind and bright
Unbelievably smart and gorgeous: what a combination!
She'd be perfect by far...if it weren't for that white ball of lint in a sweater that she has!
she is the best teacher!
tests take up too much time
Interesting class, work is pretty straight forward. Not very difficult, but he's a stickler for grammar. His voice sounds exactly like Ray Romono's.
Broad Cast Film Writing... great experince. Took the test stoned and still received a great mark!
I really liked professor Lev, he taught me a lot about EMF and introduction to the media. He does get a little boring, very monotone, but overall a great professor.
Cool guy, easy class, stickler on grammer. Besides taht, easy class, fun to talk about themes in movies.
I loved this class. This is one of the few teachers at this school that makes you take accountability for actions in his class. Fun anc challenging, it's a miracle he's stayed at Towson for as long as he has.
Legend of a professor. This guy is a must-take. He's the type of professor you'll never forget. Take him if you want an inspirational genius. Easy class otherwise. Always available to talk to students and chat about grades or politics.
You either love Vatz or you hate him. You will never have another professor like him. You are graded by two quizzes about the book and one short paper, plus attendance which is mandatory. Hes old fashioned but funny in a weird way. Would definitely take again.
Come to class and be on time, participate, follow directions. Textbook is used for one test only but helps during the class! I say rent it or don't at your own risk.
Prof. Vatz is amazing. The class was interesting but extremely political, while Vatz is conservative he welcomes opinions different from his own. You are basically graded on one giant paper, he goes over this assignment in very deep detail, so if you don't do well on it, it's basically your fault. The two short tests are based on the textbook .
Great outside speakers and great class disscussions.
Great class but awful time
best curse ever.
Best 8 oclock class everI didn't want to get up but I loved the class
I had him for an 8am class but it is TOTALLY worth it. He is hilarious!!!! I love his conservative views and class is fun. I always laugh in his class and he is so energetic. TAKE HIM!!!!!
Hes really on top of his game.
Best guy ever, if you're good with words, take him!! Truly an easy gpa booster
Vatz is the smartest man I've ever met. It's actually depressing that I've taken both of his classes and I can't take him anymore. TAKE VATZ.
Vatzs persuasion is really incredable. I have never seen such a class atmosphere like this one.
DUH! Take him. He's so smart, the class is fun, easy, and you learn a lot! He's the BEST teacher I have ever had. He should be teaching at a much better school but he loves Towson so much! TAKE HIM or you're stupid.
Best ever. Take
I hate 8 oclock classes but vatz's deals with really interesting media criticism. In fact thats the name of his course!
Vatz's persuasion applications are a hole new way of thinking...
One of the best classes I have ever taken & probably the best teacher I have ever had at Towson.
Really interesting stuff
Boy, you can say attendance is mandatory because Vatz is crazy about absences. Great course and I took it 5 years ago and it has helped me ever since. Really interesting and you learn an incredible amount.
Vatz makes ungodly early class (8:00!) intresting and exciting. Hes on top of everything. Only problem is he counts attendance very much.
Attendance was not mandatory when I had him but YOU WANT TO GO! He was full of energy and interesting. I really learned for life not just textbook. Had him 15 years ago and now own 2 businesses and have had a wonderful career! Thanks Dr. Vatz!
A masterful teacher. Everyone at TU should be so lucky as to have him for at least one course.
Persuasion was the best class I have ever taken. I normally don't talk much in class, but Vatz practically forced everyone to speak out. He's a lot of fun, and the material is pretty controversial. Just don't miss any classes and follow every rule for the assignment, and this will be a very rewarding class. I wish I could take it again.
Vatz is really interesting but sometimes over my head.
Vatz is Vatz, students all want his class, watch him tho, he calls on you even if your hands not up if your using the internet or talking
Yes, you have to come pretty much every day. I learned that the hard way. The one assignment worth anything I got an A on, but a C in the class bc I never showed up (it's SUPER boring). But just sit there then do the main assignment. Final's optional. I also didn't go to that. So still not a bad grade for hardly coming and not taking a final.
Vatz is awesome. Honestly, the best professor I've ever had in college (three different schools). True, there isn't much structured learning or notetaking... but you just get the feeling that later in life you'll realize that you learned a lot from him. His persuasion class is a must take. The college experience is made by a class like this.
V$ as we call vatz, is a very interesting professor. He's part comedian, part socialite, part conservative, part teacher. V$ should be the mascot of TU. If you think this review is somewhat of rant, than you get the point of V$ class, but seriously pay attention cuz if take his test all of this will be on there. Its a nice break in a 5 class sched.
The Best!
The best professor at Towson. If you don't take Vatz, you are a moron. He has one assignment and an optional final. Seriously, that's it for work in the class. Just show up and learn something. Vatz is smart as hell, as funny as hell. TAKE HIM!
Great class, do not be afriad of the fact that Vatz is smarter than his whole class put together. If you interact with him & the class in a clear mannor and dont trip over your own words he doesnt care if your wrong, he just wants your view. Also the paper isn't easy but if you dont get a C he lets you redo it until you do, which is more than fair.
Prof is smart and interesting, but he is an impossible grader.
Smart guy. Hard grader. Alwys interesting.
class is based on 1 writing assignment, which isn't difficult at all! take an article, rewrite it to make it all positive or negative. Final is optional, but if you don't take it you can only get a B+ or lower, depending on what grade you get on your assignment, and if you missed any classes. lots of videos which is cool, vatz is great! take this!
Really makes you think about things in new ways. Didn't miss a class.
Best professor ever. I'd go back and sit in on his classes for the pure enjoyment of it. Still think if how great this guy was, and I had his class 5 years ago...
Vatz has the governer in every term I hear and he was there this term. Class unlike all of my other classes. Good class. Funny Vatz.
Looked forward to class evryday and I never looked forward to classes in the morning. Really interesting class and each class full of interesting information.
very funny and intelligent prof. 1 paper, optional final,john stossel videos, and you can miss up to 4 classes. entertaining class, i would def take it again.
Makes every class really interesting. Fair to all sides. Always trying to persuade though.
Amazing teacher. Stageworthy teaching. Very hilarious and very outspoken. Couldn't have lucked out more than to have him during this past election. You will be entertained.
Very goofy and very funny. His class is interesting and he keeps your attention. Definitely a class to take.
Best Prof I ever had
Extremely good professor, Alwasy on TV doing interviews on the news. Knows his stuff, incredably easy class, you have to be stupid not to get an A in this class. Easy 3 upper level credits.
Very cool guy. Funny and quirky. If your easily insulted or can't handle funny cursing- don;t take him. However, he is a good time and his sense of humor makes time fly by. Great man.
He should be smashing watermelons b/c he looks and acts exactly like the comedian Gallager, good teacher, hard-core on attendance.
Best teacher I have ever had
One of the best teachers in COMM major. Watch a lot of videos & final is optional. He's very specific w/ final paper. I took in during a mini mester & passed. Makes you laugh every class. He's a cute professor, kind of looks like Albert Einstein. :)
Had him for both Advanced Public Speaking and Persuasion. APS was a better class in that we got to participate more. In Persuasion, we just seemed to listen to him talk. He related much of his lectures to politics, and I hate politics.
Oh man, where do I start? THE BEST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD! That about sums it up. Go to class and you will ace the exams. DO NOT walk in late.
Really funny, you watch a lot of videos and the only thing he grades on is attendence and two tests that are T/F.
Fantastic Teacher! very encouraging and helpful
Great teacher, great class.
Dr. Lewis is the most caring prof at UWindsor - he genuinely wants all of his students to succeed. You can tell he is interested in engaging the class in learning, and is always asking for feedback to make lectures better. Both the midterm and final were take home exams - it's very easy to do well in his class
he's the cutest. Such a inspiration. Truly cares about his students. This was for his theories class for second year. I loved it he is adorable.
Very sweet prof. Goes out of his way to accommodate students and teach lectures in interesting ways. Participation in class is encouraged but not mandatory, but small class and his engagement make it easy to hold conversations. Lots of group work.
Dr. Lewis is one of the most knowledgable and valuable professors at the University of Windsor. His unorthodox approach to lectures allows students to have an ongoing dialogue concerning the topic at hand. He is very understanding and motivational as well as supportive.
i love this prof...:)
Awesome Guy!!! Excellent Motivator!
if only all profs could be as caring & motivated as he is, we would all do well
Excellent teacher, cares.I was in biz and took more comm due to him.
Keeps you interested in course content. Be prepared to speak in class though.
Outstanding professor! He's interested in what's best for the students!
If you're looking for a class with lots of interesting movies, a kind prof, and 3 of the easiest exams you'll ever write, Id suggest you take film studies. Just make sure you're there at the very start of class or he won't accept your paper.
A good professor and an interesting class, watched lots of good movies and it is important to your exams.
He taught me intro to film studies. he honestly wants the students to do well unlike a lot of other profs. Even if you disagree with his views it doesn't really matter. He doesn't mind discussing opinions. And if you don't care that much then just memorize the MC and you're guaranteed a good mark on the tests
Each professor has their own way of teaching. We should put our bias away in the very beginning. I am not a big fan of him in the very beginning, but I changed my mind later. He is so helpful and very kind. Anyway, I think he is a great professor!
I thought he was an awesome teacher. I am an English major and was 100% interested in his class even though it wasn't required for my major. A lot of students rip on him but I really thought he was great. RECOMMEND!!!
Teaches course themes with great understanding and passion. Though he is clear on the position of his own opinions, he does not push his views onto others. Allows students to develop their individual views, based on the alternative information he provides. Very fair marker and open to student opinions & concerns.
Taking a course with Winter will make you think and that's why we're there. I have found him to be a refreshing change from many of the other profs I've had in that he challenges you to think about things from a new perspective. As well, he has a wealth of information about so many topics and is genuinely interested in seeing his students learn.
I think this class was awesome. It taught me to not be so closed minded when it came to things on the news. The course was a blast.maybe some more discussions instead of just telling us his opinion. other then that I think he is a great teacher. Not very organized though, hope u have patience.
Awesome Class! Smart guy....... publish a book and force the class to buy it as a textbook! LOL! He's my IDOL! MEDIA THINK for LIFE!
his classes are very enlightening. Good prof and expects the best from his students.
BEST class! Entertaining and enlightening! wonderful prof
Brilliant, sexy and heretical
He's very Insightful. And a heretic. Don't miss this class!!!
Outstanding. Brilliant.
One of the most amazing professors I've ever had. I took this as an honors credit and it was my favorite class the entire semester. He is super smart, very funny, and super lenient on late work. His class is always a chill vibe and he doesn't give much work. But he does use the books he assigns, so read them. Overall, amazing class and amazing dude
Had him for the discovering Brocton first year seminar. He is so great. Such a nice guy and really loves what he's teaching. A very easy class, only a one page paper per week. If you can take him, you should.
Prof James Bohanan is an interesting guy. He has lots of various interests and is pretty passionate about them all. He is pretty chatty and is nice to have a conversation with. For Discovering Brockton, there was an essay assigned almost every week based on the activities of the class (it only has to be a page or two). I had above a 100.
The best teacher in the science department. He is so understanding and easy to get a response from. All of thr work is easy and can be done easily
Professor Hayes Bohanan puts a lot of work into making his classes interesting. He gives great feedback and gives credit as long as you're putting in your best effort and show up to class. Very understanding and class is always so engaging, despite being online has lots of guest speakers from different organizations
Easy A. Usually a one page paper and a class discussion each week, and if you follow the simple guidelines he gives you a 100% on each. Very nice and chill guy.
He is a fantastic guy. He is super funny and it's great talking with him in a class discussion.
Dr. Hay-Bo is wonderful. He is passionate about understanding climate change and the environment and can explain pretty much anything you need to know about it. He specializes in the geography of coffee and tea and how those industries affect world markets, so his classes are unique and personalized to those interests.
Dr. Hayes-Boh is GREAT. I took his coffee seminar and since, he has recommended me for my current R&D internship and told me to take a class that is helping me get right on track for my future goals. I took this class because I had to, but learned a ton from him, even more than just coffee facts. The coffee tasting is great too. Highly recommended.
I have taken many classes with prof hayes-boh and he is the best teacher I have ever had. May not be the best in terms of communication but he will grade well and assign little actual work to pass in. great man! take his study tour class for winter term and be amazed.
OMG AWESOME.... I took him for an online geography of the global south course and he was great. very helpful when approached and is the reason i still take online classes...def recccomend
I took the Secret Life of Coffee with him,it was a great class. There wasn't much homework but it was the kind of class where even though I had the least amount of physical work I learned more than many other classes that I have taken at Bridgewater. He is passionate about his teaching and teaches his students to be too. He was very inspirational.
Great professor, does a great job keeping interest in subject and easy if you go and pay attention. TAKE THIS CLASS!!
PASSIONATE, PASSIONATE, PASSIONATE!!
What a character! DARES TO BE DIFFERENT. Gives good notes and study guides. Lots of interesting exper. and stories. Uses blackboard and power point a lot. Emphasis on current events and how material relates to the bigger picture. Great personality!
I loved this guy! I learned so many cool things! Paid attention and studied and got an A. Tests are fill-in-the blanks. Such a cool guy.
good class
Wonderful Teacher! You learn a lot if you shut up and listen and read the book. There's enough work to keep you busy while learning and he makes it fun! He's a great guy and passionate about his subject, which means a lot when you pay for your own educati
Easiest A i have ever gotten, I still dont even know what the class was about but i still got an A. Go me!
NICE, fair guy. Exams ARE easy-- REPEAT QUESTIONS. You'd have to be a pretty bad student to do poorly in his class.
Very easy class.
Awesome mullet! love the man, easy A!
ROCK THE MULLET!!
hot stuff... really knows his moves...
Most of the class is operated through blackboard, he is a very fair teacher.
Hayes-Boh was the greatest! Great use of computers and internet!
The best teacher I' I've learned more from Dr. Hayes-Bohanan than any other teac
I'm not sure why Professor Klinkner has such poor reviews. One class with him was all it took to declare my major in Government, and I had him every year at Hamilton. Once you make it past your intro class, you will have such an amazing time and will learn so much (in intro as well)!
Fantastic professor
Knows everything. I loved his class, I leaned a ton.
Excellent
excellent
very knowedgeable
Excellent, brilliant.
Ive had Dr. Gesink for two classes & she is also my advisor. She is very very intelligent & is very kind. I enjoyed both of her classes & will have her again next semester for Historiography. Shes very sweet & helpful. She is slightly intimidating at first but once you get to know her, shes amazing. Lots of HW & readings though.
I've LOVED every course I've taken with Dr. Gesink. She's kind of intimidating, but that's because I swear to god she's one of the smartest people I've ever met. Tough grader, but if you put the effort in to your work it's not terrible. Extremely willing to help students and as both an advisor and a prof., seems genuinely interested in my success.
Dr. Gesink is so knowledgeable and she is a really good lecturer. Love that she records her lectures in case you have to miss, and her detailed study guides. She's also very helpful and approachable as an advisor. Come prepared - she'll know if you didn't. You can definitely earn an A but you will work for it.
Dr. Gesink is one of the best professors you will take at BW. Her courses are filled with material, and you'll feel like you conquered Mount Everest at the end of the semester. You have to work for your grade: take good notes, study, and study some more and you'll be fine. Wing it and you'll sink fast. She's more than willing to help students.
The smartest woman I know. Challenging material. Don't take her classes if you refuse to do the required reading. You'll do a LOT of it. Expects you to be a proactive student. Great interactive teaching and discussion groups. Extremely knowlegeable and helpful to students who show incentive and personal responsibility. Great advisor & mentor!
She is full of knowledge and she is very willing to help. The class is not an easy A by any means, but it is not impossible to do well you just have to keep up with the readings and use the study guides for exams. I highly recommend taking World Civilizations II with her
In world civ 2 at first she comes out this hard teacher but once the school year starts and you do the readings, which I found interesting, then she softens up. Her tests are very easy. She gives a one question quiz on the reading at least once a week. If everyone gets the question right she will have a pizza party. She gives alot of extra credit.
She is very smart and a very nice person. Her two tests are easy but the three papers are hard so go to the Writing Lab for help. I love the class its easy to understand and has fascinating history to hear.
I love Gesink and her World Civ 2 class. I am in it right now and it is the class that I learn the most in.
She was an awesome teacher, I had a great time in this class. She taught very well and I learned a lot. She made the class interesting.
She is one of the best profs I've ever had. She requires you to do alot of work outside of class unlike every other prof I had at BW. She is very passionate about the subject and teaches the info well. She is also pretty funny, often referring to herself as the "homosexual bathroom fixture" (gay-sink if you don't know how to pronounce her name).
Gesink is the best teacher at BW! She is very hard and makes you work for your grades, but in the process you learn some amazing stuff! She knows her stuff and has some life experiences that you can't get in a classroom.
Dr. Gesink rocks. She made the class soooooo interesting that I always paid attention and it was easy to take notes. Her exams were super easy and her paper assignments were a breeze. Slip into one of her classes if you can!!!
This lady is amazing. Class is actually fun to go to, and you learn so much from her. She uses a variety of teaching methods. She expects good work if you're going to get an A. Be prepared to put in a lot of effort, but the effort will be returned tenfold from her. Awesome.
Amazing Prof. Very well done. I recomend everyone take a class of hers
Dr. Gesink's class is great. She keeps it interesting with random facts. Having her class made me reconsider keeping my history major. And I plan on it, thanks to her.
awesome cousin too! :)
I have had this prof several times, she is one of the best in the history department. You get a lot out of her classes, but you need to read and pay attention. Always takes an interest in her students and is always there to listen.
This is a class that you will look forward to going to. It is never boring because she does not lecture. Every class is an activity and I look forward to going to it. Yes, you have to have 34 hours of service but if you pick the right agency you will have fun doing it! Best class and teacher I have had!
You will really get a lot out of her class. She is a great teacher I wish there were more like her. She is awesome.
I enjoyed this class more than any other class I have taken. She makes everything extremely fun and wants to make learning interesting. Consumes a lot of time outside of class but is well worth it. I would recommend this class and her to anyone. She doesn't grade easy but she is very fair and her goal is for you to interact with your classmates.
Great teacher and is very entertaining. She always does activities in class that relates to the teaching. She is easy and lets you correct your paper if you need it and also she lets you make appt. to meet her
I loved her! Her class was always fun.
WONDERFUL! Great class to get both a writing and verbal intensive. She makes you THINK! She'll have you dying in laughter as well as aware of the social problems that our generation will have to confront.
Dr. Duncan is great! Her service learning class is so much fun becasue all you really do is play games, write a couple of easy papers, and give a few short presentations. For a writing and oral intensive class, this one was cake. Just be ready to do the 30 hours of volunteering which I found quite fun too.
The *~O nuff said...
One of the best educators on campus. She made me like poetry and taught me that I don't know everything (and that she doesn't, either).
Very intelligent; not afraid to make you think. However, she is not unduly confrontational. Lots of discussion (you are expected to partake), a fair amount of writing, no final. She treats you as an individual; dont fear being singled out.
WONDERFUL TEACHER
We got lucky and didn't have a final but that was because Professor Pava really cares. He just wants everyone to succeed and learn something. He's not a tough grader, but you should definitely speak with him to see what he's looking for.
He is maybe the best professor in the whole school. I learned so much from him it is not even funny.
He is great. My favoriite professor ever! This guy is awesome!
Pretty smart professor, the best ever!
He's absolutely brilliant.
very thought provoking class... a lot of reading, but definitely worthwhile. take it!
AMAZING CLASS!!!! Highly highly reccomend it. Getting to know Mark was a great part of my college experience.
The knowledge and textual skills that I gained from Dr. Elman's courses are so valuable! Every time I open up a sefer I utilize the techniques that he taught me.
His course inspired me to become a ba'al koray - Torah Reader. His wit and personality brings the hebrew language to life.
Hes awesome
If he likes u its an A.What else to u expect at YU.
Hes the best for hebrew in yu, just get him to love you and its an A+
I loved my class with Dr Cat. She is very funny, caring and an amazing professor! You are going to read about a chapter a week, so it is very manageable and the homework is not hard. Her class is fun to attend and she makes an effort to remember your name which is very nice :)
Trust me take this professor if you can. Great professor, and treats everyone with the same level of respect.
Very nice and accommodating professor, if you can get her for words definitely recommend!!!
Best prof ever, very nice women
Amazing professor. She would help you whenever you had a question. There was a good amount of work, but as long as you stayed on top of it, you're fine. She's a great grader. For most work, you'll get a 100 if you submit on time. The "final" is a project that you work on for weeks - you get peer and teacher feedback which helps. Highly recommend.
One of the best teachers I've had. At the beginning, there were in-class discussions and you will get a good grade, even if you didn't speak three times. If you ever needed to take a mental health day, she would allow it and around like 3 absences. If you needed to submit the work late, just communicate that to her using the forum. 100% take again.
Attendance was mandatory but we were allowed 4 absences throughout the semester. Assignments weren't too long or time-consuming. She also gave us candy on multiple occasions.
Very energetic, the work is easy as you follow along. She cares for her students and wants them to excel in writing more. The grading is easy, and during class, you may find it very engaging.
I love Dr. Cat's class, she was by far my favorite teacher all year. There's a lot of homework in this class you have to do each night, and sometimes it can get hard to keep up with, but she's genuinely super caring and hilarious to be around in class. She made me want to come to class every day. Definitely don't fall behind on assignments though!
Dr. Cat is absolutely amazing! She is super caring about her students and wants them to do well! She is willing to give you the resources and time to help you with whatever you may need. Fairly easy and low-stress class. Would for sure take Dr. Cat in the future!
Professor Mahaffey is great. We read a couple of books and had class discussions in which you would get a 100 if you just spoke 3 times. It was an easy class, just read the book and be ready to discuss during class. Never was harsh and always supported our ideas/was open to hear them
In UWRT 1104 you will have to read a book, but it is actually interesting. You have work due every Tuesday, Thursday, and Sunday at 5. You only have discussion posts, studios, and then you will begin working on a big project. However, none of the work is hard at all as long as you do not fall behind. I definitely recommend! Best professor ever!
Excellent professor. I will definitely be taking future classes with C. Mahaffey.
Professor Mahaffey is extremely helpful. She genuinely cares about every single one of her students. There are assignments of course but they are all fairly easy and she also grades very easily. Absolutely one of the best professors I have had at UNC Charlotte.
Professor Mahaffey made her class fun. Be prepared to work and do homework, but it is worth it. She is a great teacher and she really cares about your education.
Im a freshman and still trying to understand college life. I got sick one week around the beginning of the semester and Ive been backed up since but she has been very helpful with my grade and shes willing to helping you pass. I would recommend doing the work though because the ending portfolio requires all the past assignments.
Shes really understanding when you miss class because of a sickness or other problems and shes willing to help you pass the class
I loved professor Mahaffey. Her class was very fun. There are a lot of papers but they're opinionated and she usually gives an A for meeting criteria. There are no tests but there are 2 big projects that count for a lot of your grade that you work on throughout the semester. She always offers help and feedback and is the best teacher I've ever had.
She is an amazing professor and would definitely recommend. If you do the assignments the class is very easy. Easiest grader I've ever had in college.
Possibly the best english teacher at UNCC. She helps you in so many ways by giving good feedback. She does assign a homework assignment for almost every class, but if you do it they will help you become a better writer. Take this class if possible this was absolutely my favorite class from freshman year.
LITERALLY the greatest teacher ever. She's tough, but fair. If you can write well, she'll help you write even better. And if you can't, she's a great teacher and will help you learn to write. Highly suggest this teacher because she was so nice, friendly, and helpful. Miss this teacher and the class. Retweet.
She is very involved and super nice and understanding. You are graded on effort...but you have to make an effort. She really likes discussion, which is really eye opening. You WILL use the required book. Awesome teacher.
Ms. Mchaffey is a great professor. I had her this summer. She makes learning something as boring as writing interesting. She respects her students and wants them to learn. Be prepared to write a lot. Even if you don't enjoy writing, you probably won't mind free writing.
Im not sure how the lower ratings are even possible with Ms.Mchaffey! I have to say after finishing this class this was the best teacher I have ever had! She gets to know the students on a personal level and works with each student. She is encouraging and grades you on your progress. Very easy just do your work. The group work is really helpful too
Very supportive, knowledgeable professor.
Great teacher, very inspiring
Prof. Brenneman was the best. He made class interesting and taught helpful grammar rules that are useful in work correspondence. He is a fun teacher but you have to be on your toes because he questions the class around the room and randomly like in 4th grade! Excellent teacher!
Brenneman is like everyone's grandma, he brings homemade cookies to class and really cares about his students. Highly recommended
Very interactive teacher - made learning enjoyable
Prof Brenneman is awesome! He's SUCH a sweetheart! Incredibly encouraging, supportive and always eager to help you out - one of Houghton's best!
Brenneman is the most dear, kind, lovely man. He is a rare gem!
how can anyone not like brenneman? aww, he's such a great guy and would do anything to help you out. he's also very personable and these are all great qualities for a professor to have, especially at a christian college.
Great great Prof and a great friend. Very personable!
Dr Wardwell took subjects I was not interested in and turned them into interesting, engaging, amazing reads with critical and interesting responses. I will never forget Milton with him, it remains one of the best classes I ever had.
A hard professor, high standards, but very caring towards his students. Wants people to do well but actually learn too.
Wardwell is one of the reasons I've stayed at Houghton. He actually cares that we think and learn and love literature...not just about getting students in and out of his classes.
Awesome guy, smart, hilarious, tons of fun in his class. I always enjoy going just because he makes me laugh, he cares about his students (ALL of them) and he makes it a point to know you and is always willing to help if you need it.
Awesome guy. His quizzes are simple if you've done the reading. He's willing to help and has clear expectations. Great class!!
an amazing man who guided our class through difficult subjects with a skill and finesse second to none. a true friend outside of the classroom as well with a wife who makes the best cookies! gotta love the fish
Very knowledgable and helpful, but he insists his students write eloquently.
She is a very hard professor, but she knows what she is talking about. ECE290 is one of the hardest, if not the hardest course to take as an ece underg at uiuc. The difficulty of the exam is about the same as the written hw, not cool! It is tough! Since the hw would probably take u 6 or 7 hrs to do, and u only have 90 minutes on the exam.
Very organized. I learned a lot from her. It was a lot of work but worth it.
Great professor! Class is hard though.
My interactions with Ms. Brunet have been in the Engineering Department office. Ms. Brunet is very organized efficient and effective. One of the top engineering programs in the country definitely needs to be strict and it my opinion that Pro brunet significantly helps upkeep the professionalism and high demand of the department. Go Prof. Brunet!
Best professor for ECE110, she is the only professor for 110 that teaches it exclusively, so she is more engaged than the other professors. She is very clear and explains all the concepts very well!
Awesome lecturer.
ECE 110 is difficult in the sense that you have a lot of material to cover throughout the semester. Concepts are not that hard just the amount of work. Make sure you do the homework & review it often. Brunet is a good professor and teaches well. Usually nice, sometimes rude. Can get angry/frustrated over small things which is a little intimidating
She's just awesome. :)
Professor Brunet is a very engaging lecturer. She is very good at teaching and is even better one on one in office hours.
Much better than any other ECE 110 professor, she actually makes sure that everybody knows what's going on before she moves on. At times she can be a little rude to students, but her teaching style is fantastic, and if you don't understand something after she explains it odds are you won't get it.
great teacher
great teacher
Sexy French accent. ;)
Definite recommend over Trick
Great professor, nice guy
he is very helpful. best macro class on campus.
He's an awesome professor.
best teacher i've had so far. very outgoing and helpful
AWESOME Professor !!! The most talented and GENIUS guy I have met on campus ... and he is a BASE PLAYER !!!! His Lectures are really good ... Love his jokes .. lol
Very good professor, has a great sense of humour and will build up tough concepts slowly before busting out the math. Excellent ability to answer questions.
He is so good, And so crazy, and we all love him.
coolest guy in the world!!!! although very sarcastic don't take him too seriously. But if you can take a class with him don't miss out
One of the hardest ECE classes on campus... He makes the material fun.
Very complex topics, but he makes it clear
She was super nice, very understanding, and her lectures were really interesting. There was quite a bit of reading, but you could just skim it before lecture and then revisit it on your own time to get more in depth. All Assignments were very straight forward and very engaging.
I LOVED THIS PROF and was so honored to be the last SOC3AC class she taught, truly an amazing prof!! I wish I talked to her more 1 on 1 because she is really so sweet! THANK YOU SO MUCH PROF
The sweetest Professor ever, she even brought us candy! Participation was graded via clickers, papers were fun to write and grading criteria was super clear. Would take more of her courses if I could!
The topics Prof. Kelsey covers is very relevant, and I can tell she really cares about what she taches, as she gets emotional at times. Also, she explains the content in a way that is easy to understand.
Lectures were both engaging and informative. Even if you're a stem student who isn't super interested in sociology her lectures are still interesting and she's very charismatic. You don't have to do the readings if you go to class; the lectures cover all the material you need and the tests and papers are generally pretty easy.
Kelsey was great. She's super sweet and her lectures were always interesting and informative. She gives plenty of time to do the assignments and the readings are pretty interesting. There were 5 quizzes, with the lowest score dropped, 2 midterm essays, and a research paper. I would definitely recommend this class! You learn a lot about the world.
Kelsey was a great professor and I loved her class. For some people what's discussed in the class will feel common sense and not super surprising with issues in the world. But it is an interesting and easy class that is a nice introduction to what sociology is. If you pay attention in lecture it should not be too hard to write essays or do quizzes.
As a pure STEM major student, I absolutely enjoyed this class, and the majority credit goes to Prof. Kelsey, who is extremely good at lecturing unfamiliar concepts to layman like me. It makes me to look at the world from a completely unique perspective. I would reccommend everyone take it. No need to read readings, but better to attend every class!
She is such a great professor and was super accommodating during the pandemic. She really cares about her students and wants to see everyone learn and pass with out being uber stressed. 11/10 recommend.
Prof. Kelsey just wants you to succeed. She's so caring and will make accommodations for you for whatever reason. The material was also really great, and besides harsh reader grading, I'm really happy with my work in this course. She is a true gem. You should take this class!
Awesome lectures, caring, supportive, wants everyone to succeed. Course was unexpectedly difficult & stressful for me as the first 2 essays were graded harshly (by readers, not the professor) despite my best attempts at following the rubric. I needed this class, but if you don't, I'd avoid it or take it P/NP, especially if you don't love essays.
Lectures were very thought-provoking and she genuinely cares for her students. Easy open note quizzes to boost your grade, but I'd beware of her papers; her essay readers are a bit on the unforgiving side and give scrutinizing comments. But overall a fantastic course to take if you're willing to put effort into writing and reading articles!
such a sweet kind professor who really cares about the class. also so knowledgable and great class!!!! I learned SO much and thought the format was interactive (papers, quizzes, no tests) and rewarding at the same time. Gave so much prep for midterm/final papers and really wants students to succeed. amazing AC class
Amazing professor. You dont have to show up to the lectures to pass, but I went to every lecture because I genuinely enjoyed every second. I now feel educated about society and feel as though I understand how the inequalities have gotten to where they are today and some of the things we need to do to fix them. She loves to teach and shes so kind.
I am a senior at Berkeley, and she's honestly the best professor I've had in my time here. She is very interactive and accessible, she speaks to her students as friends rather than inferior to her. Additionally, her class is very interesting, doable, and easy to pass. She also didn't hesitate to write me a letter of recommendation!
Kelsey is extremely understanding and passionate about the subject. She gives extensions when students ask for it and is always happy to answer any questions/discuss anything! Pretty easy class, essays were graded generously and quizzes weren't too bad.
Professor Kelsey is a great teacher and an extremely caring person. I thought this class was extremely relevant and informative and I would definitely recommend the class for anyone looking to take a Soc class or to fulfill there AC requirement.
Her own words: this class was intended for freshman, overall an easy A. Essays have to do with gender, race, and experience. If you ask her specifically what she is looking for, it is very easy to pass. Iclickers are used for participation+ attendance. She gives extra credit for students who are failing. Amazing lectures, overall amazing professor
Mary Kelsey is a really great professor. Her lectures are interactive. She grades participation with iclicker. Her slides are detailed and a great resource for the midterm and final paper. Mini-online quizzes throughout . Her graders are great and she has very reasonable expectations for your papers. She also very approachable.
Best professor I've had at Berkeley so far. If you can take her class, would definitely recommend it.
Take home pop-quizzes. best 4 chosen. 2 take home midterm essays. One final project. And attendance counts. Pay attention to lectures and you can just skim the readings. No final. Easy A if you do the work and pay attention. most importantly, show up to class.
Not only easy, but super interesting. I came out of the class with an understanding that will stick with me for the rest of my life. She's a really sweet professor and genuinely cares about her students. She gave me a hug on the last day of class! Extra credit helped me get an A+
Class was fairly easy. You have 5 quizzes, but they're online, open-book, and multiple choice, so it was really easy. You have to work hard for the essays because they're graded by readers, who can be tough, but she offers extra credit so that helps. She's such a sweet person, and she talks about her goddaughter a lot!
I love Mary Kelsey and her Sociology of Family course. She was so delightful. Class was a little slow sometimes but the subject matter and assigned readings were fabulous. I'd highly recommend taking a course with her.
Best class at Berkeley. Great Prof., easy, dont have to read. No need to go to class cause she offers quizes at the end of the semester for make ups. Papers are basic. Overall great class.
Professor Kelsey is one of the best professors I've had at Cal. She is the sweetest, nicest woman ever! Her quizzes are extremely EASY. You can easily get an A in this class, without even taking the fourth quiz. The readings are a lot, but there are PLENTY of extra credit points that you can get, max 40! She is the Best! Gives Hugs too!beyondsweet!
An extremely good professor who likes to teach. You will learn a lot from this class. I urge you to try this class at least once. Kelsey knew my name really quickly and she cares about all her students. Probably one of the best teachers I have ever had in my life.
Yes, Kelsey does make the class easy by sending out lecture outlines and notes, but going to her lectures are worth it. She is the most enthusiastic and caring professor I have had here. She will go above and beyond to help you and get to know you. She teaches for us and any class with her is worthwhile.
She was the best professor I had at Cal and this class changed my life. Not only the materials covered in this class is interesting but also her genuine devotion to her students helped me to understand others whom I never realized before. I strongly recommend Prof. Kelsey to everyone at Cal.
Professor Kelsey is an amazing, charismatic and highly intelligent professor. I wrote my honors thesis with her guidance and it was one of my best experiences at UC Berkeley. She is incrediably caring, kind and devoted instructor. I highly recommend taking any class that she is teaching!
Professor Kelsey is an amazing professor! Her class was always intresting! She is very organized and always passes out lecture notes and study guides. She does her best to help her students in any way she can. I recommend her class to everyone!
Kelsey is a great teacher. I do not always agree with her views or those that sociology tries to impose on me, but she does her job well. She is very kind and will go out of her way to help her students. She is very lenient with grades and is just an awesome person. If you don't take her class, then be sure to try to meet her before you leave Cal.
Best professor at Cal, hands down. She tried to learn everyone's name in a class of 250. She is very helpful during office hours and very concerned about her students.
Prof. Kelsey is an amazing teacher. She is dedicated to her students and is passionate about what she teaches. The class is very easy and requires little studying. Papers are also graded easy. I recommend this class and Prof Kelsey!
She's amazing. I feel I could have learned more in her class, but this class was the most intersting I had this semester. And its an easy A. Mary Kelsy is such a sweet person. You cant graduate from Berkeley and not take this class.
The reviews are true! She's amazing, understanding, and remembers you. What's great is that if you do have genuine interest (and maybe even if you don't), read, and go to lecture, the class is incredibly easy. You learn so much, without being unnecessarily stressed out about it. She paces the class well. Take this class even if not a soc major!!
awesome professor! probably one of the nicest, most understanding woman i've ever met. super easy class.
Kelsey is so awesome. Her class is so interesting. She is so understanding. I love her and her class
great class! shes so nice =) and helpful, and the first quiz wasnt as nearly as bad as it could have been- simply go to class and read [not too hard, not boring subject matter] and you'll be fine. she REALLY cares about her students~ as strange as that is now adaysss.
took this class freshman year and now a senior.. she is prob one of the best teacher's i have had here.. i will never forget her warmth and caring attitude towards her students.. REALLY recommend this class to anyone! you'll never forget it!
Very nice and not very hard material.
The sweetest person ever, she is really passionate about her students
Amazing and very caring. She knew my name and I only communicated with her to pick up my papers and a few e-mails. The only prof. that knew me by name at Cal.
She is one of the best professors I have ever taken at CAL! I love this professor! She knows your name and she is open to all your ideas! GO KELSEY!!!
Kelsey is indeed the best instructor/lecturer at CAL... i enjoyed her class and learned soooooooo much... She's always willing to help and is very approachable... best class and instructor at cal!
YOU HAVE TO TAKE MARY'S CLASS!!!!! I learned so much, grading was easy, and I am confident enough to say that she will remain the best professor I have met in my years at Cal. She is so sweet, caring, and she actually knows your name!
Mary is AMAZING!!! Take her class before she's gone!
I wouldve loved to meet him in person but i never will cause his lecture modules were online. He is an excellent proffesor who explains difficult concepts in such a way that it is made easy and he seems like such a caring man and proffesor overall. I wish i could've met him honestly one of my favourite teachers ever
Its kinda sad to think I will never meet this man because I only saw his online lectures. Both econ 1000 and 1010 teach you important concepts related to how the economy works. More importantly, Dr Cohen really helps you learn how to think like an economist and make decisions for yourself and be aware of the b.s spewed out by politicians. 5/5
Such a wonderful prof. He explains confusing concepts in a casual and effective way that students will be able to relate to. His textbook was an absolute life-saver, with simple explanations and diagrams that got the main point across. Quizzes, tests and exams were similar to the MEL Study Plan on MyEconLab so lots of time to practice. HIGHLY rec!
BEST ECONOMICS PROFESSOR AT YORK! Take ECON1000 and ECON 1010 with him only if you get the chance. He explains difficult concepts so clearly and makes them easy for you. Highly recommend this professor!
Grading criteria is same as ECON1000, lots of options to boost grade. Just watch lecture videos - 10 marks, iclicker quizzes during zoom meeting - 20 marks, MEL quizzes - 15 marks. I would absolutely recommend Prof. Cohen, amazing lectures and helpful prof. PASS sessions helped me a lot. They also have review Q/A PASS sessions before final exam.
He is probably one of the best ECON profs at york, definitely recommend taking him for Econ1000
Professor was amazing! Totally recommended !
By far one of the best professors at this University. I won't lie and say this is an easy course because there is a lot of material you have to know, but Professor Cohen is absolutely amazing at teaching the material nd explaining difficult concepts. 10/10 -Find test banks, past tests for exams you'd be surprised how much they can help during exams
He explains concepts very clearly. I never regretted attending the lectures and found them helpful. If you take his section, just make sure to study the FlexText and go to every PASS session and you should be able to easily end up with an A+. I also recommend attending his lectures.
avi loves writing
Lectures are very fun, takes breaks in between and always keeps lectures short. has lots of humour. attendance is not mandatory as lecture recordings are online. Really cares for his students and wants them to succeed, listen to his study tips and you will do well!
He is an amazing professor. I'm not an economics student and I was able to get a b+ in the online class for macro. Now I'm in micro online and my heart is at ease knowing I will be taught by someone who is not only intelligent, but an amazing lecturer (not dry even online). He is a leading example of how professors should be. Exams are very fair.<3
Very good job at teaching the course, best prof in the econ department
He's very clear in lectures and keep the complex things simple. Tests are based on lecture notes so if you attend the lectures it will be of your benefit. Would definitely take his class again !
Cohen is a great speaker because he presents the often very dry material of the course in an interesting and easy to understand way with real life examples. He uploads recordings of his lectures on moodle and his tests are mostly based on what he talks about in class. You still need to read the textbook for the weekly quizzes on myeconlab though.
Probably my favorite prof at York. He speaks loud and clear, and knows how to make the course material easy to understand. He is very passionate about what he teaches and is always glad to help anyone who needs it. You can tell that he authentically wants his students to learn economics because there is so much to take out of it.
Amazing
Absolutely recommended to any economic majors. Avi honestly inspires his students to learn more about his course and demonstrates a great deal of knowledge in the history of economics. His papers will take a long time to do but he is an absolutely fair marker.
Very inspirational course. BEST professor ever!! Very responsible, correct every mistake on your paper, comment with useful suggestions and mark fairly. He also takes certain amount of consideration of ESL students. Many extensive reading+writing! work extremely hard. Tips for paper: 1)read through reference articles 2)discuss outline with him!
THE BEST PROF IN YORK! He is clear, helpful and inspirational. Read the textbook and attend classes. He is the best prof anyone could ever have for a course. Exam was very difficult so study a bit harder for the exam than the midterms.
heavy textbook use, do the assigned questions, tests are all M/C and are similar to the textbook questions, do your readings.
My favourite Professor at York University. Both knowledgeable and kind. He even taught my high school economics teacher. I feel blessed to have taken his class.
Its that one class i never dream't of passing until i realized the person inside Mr.Cohen! very caring Prof, good at explanations and approachable. You never need to text from class otherwise he is that best among the many seen so far. Maurice2
One of the best profs I've ever had. He takes his time to explain concepts and genuinely wants his students to succeed. He is also very approachable and an excellent economist. Fantastic professor with a brilliant mind.
An intelligent and thought provoking professor who makes learning any economic topic a desirable and enriching experience. Sets an excellent pace to courses, provides ample help when requested, and truly encourages students to succeed. He is the best economics professor I've ever had, and one of the best professors I've had in general.
One of the best profs at York! I thought I was going to hate economics because, well, it economics! But this professor is very useful and teaches his material in a very simplistic and useful manner. If you want to learn a lot that would be actually useful in real life and simultaneously being an easy A, I recommend this prof.
Really good lecturer. Very clear but sometimes lectures were kinda boring b/c the material but he was always enthusiastic. Tests are fair, on the easy side but I thought the short answers were a little hard, MC was easy peasy.
He is a very inspiring teacher. thought-provoking economist. He wants you to start THINKING about the concepts critically. HIGHLY COMMITTED. Very smart and modern approach towards student. One word. R.E.S.P.E.C.T
Fantastic Professor! Explains concepts very clearly, lots of examples, he's so clear that you can play tetris on your phone all class and still understand everything (not relaly, don't try that). Word of caution: ECON 1900 isn't a bird course, the exam's actually hard! If you're good with math you're better off taking ECON 1000
very good
Great Proff. Didn't take Economics in highschool, so all of the stuff was new to me. He takes info straight from the text, and uses real life up-to-date example to help you understand better. GO TO CLASS AND COPY DOWN ALL EXAMPLES! You're guarenteed an A. Also, he never leaves a questions unanswered.
This man is who you can call a Professor. He is amazingly knowledgable.
New course being taught this year. He wrote the book and makes it really easy for non-majors to grasp the basic concepts of Economics without needing to understand the hardcore math. All the examples use basic (albeit simplistic) examples to teach the concepts. Very approachable and helpful. It's not a walk in the park but he gives you the tool
This prof is unbelievable. He made everything clearly enough that you can understand without any econ experiences. Best prof I have ever met in York. You can get an A+ or A easily if you learn the course your best, btw the final exam is hard, but it is all worth to choose this prof.
The G.O.A.T (Greatest of all time)
Truly one of the best profs at York. Explains concepts clearly. Makes lectures interesting. Midterm was fair just make sure you do the study guide questions. He posts pasts exams as well. Final was cumulative thus BRUTAL! Nevertheless GREAAAAT prof!!!!
good professor! he is very very good!
Im at Schulich and we are supposed to have "world class" profs. But let me tell you, NONE of them compare to this guy. Best prof i have had so far BY FAR. His tests are fair, and easy. Just study the past exams and do the study guide. I have never taken Econ before, so trust me, this guy teaches it well. An 'A' is GUARANTEED, an 'A+' is achievable
I did four years of Economics at high school, but never have I come across a prof that teaches Econ this well. His lectures are amazingly easy to understand, he puts them all online too, so you never have to go to class. If you view his old tests and understand the basic concepts, you'll ace all his exams. One of the best profs I've ever had!
My favorite Prof by far! His tests/exam are SOOOO easy since he takes exact questions from the study guide and sample tests. Didn't even need to look at the textbook once since his lecture notes are AMAZING. A+ is very attainable with minimal effort so long as you have common sense.
He is one of the beat professors in York. I love this guy!
BEST PROF AT YORK BY FAR!!!! If you have the chance to take a class with this prof do it, he is the clearest and most interesting lecurer at York even better than my Schulich profs. I love this guy lol
THE BEST prof.
Absolutely amazing prof! he knows how to get the msg across to his students and to grab their attention. he simplifies the material down sooo much that anyone will get it - along with goin through the material 2 times(at least). AWESOME PROF! he made my first yr very memorable! Thanks prof. cohen!!
One of the absolute BEST DAMN PROFS period. I gladly take any course with him again. If the profs at york had even some of his outstanding teaching skills students wouldn't be cutting class. To do well in this course just skim the book DO THE STUDY GUIDE and read the notes on a weekly basis and be prepared for A+
Very Good prof. Best for intro economics.
simply the best prof in the department of economics!!!! study his notes and his old tests, and u are guaranteed a decent mark!
Professor Cohen actually made me enjoy and understand economics
he is a best organized pro~ you can do everything on the internet if you want to. Moreover, i like his specific example on his class
Great prof!....I came into this class knowing NOTHING about economics and I ended up with an A+. If you watch the lectures, skim over the text and do all the STUDY GUIDE questions you should get an A for sure. The key to doing well in this course is the study guide.
Best prof I had this year. Everything is explained for you. Everything is set up for you. All you need to do is listen, take notes, read the chapters he tells you to and you are set to succeed.
People who think that Prof. Cohen is unclear, unfair or any other negative aspect, should get a check up for mental disorders. A prof could not be more straightforward and clear in his explanations. Prof. Cohen knows students questions before they are even asked. The couse is extremely simple, if you have the slightest inclination to work.
Absolutely exceptional prof. Cares that students understand material. Can watch lectures online and still absorb material. Tests not easy, but fair.
If you work hard in Cohen's class, and do all the study guide questions he assigned, you'll do very well in his class. His old tests and exams are posted up, which helps with the studying. I don't think its unfair that you have to do more work in his class, because you learn the most in Cohen's class.
very efficient teaching system, including internet lectures at home. Very helpful with answering questions.
AMAZING prof. I had him for Micro, switched out for Macro because I heard other profs were easier. DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE. Mr. Cohen has the clearest and best teaching methods. Attend his lectures and you will learn beyond belief. Plus due to his integration of IT, lectures are not boring and all given lecture notes are very helpful.
very helpful prof...explains very clearly, makes econ interesting. most quiz/test/exam questions were just directly taken out of the study guide. so u will be fine even if u just study the study guide
his online lectures helps a lot for student who misses class on a DAILY bases =) haha hes a great prof! although his exams are really hard, but if you studied his lecture notes, you will be fine!
online notes/lectures were great
Succinctly putting it, I cannot stress enough just how amazing of a professor this man is.
greatest prof ever! opened my eyes to a different way of thinking that i have never been exposed to before, although i have been watching the lectures at home, i have learned a lot more from cohen than any other prof at york! PLEASE TEACH AT SCHULICH PLEASEEE SCHULICH NEEDS YOU COHEN!!!!!
He's a coherent lecturer. He tells you exactly what you need to know, and the main point of the chapters. Online lectures are very resourceful especially when revising for exams and tests. It's also convenient when you have so many deadlines and can't make it to the lecture.
Superb teaching skills. Excellent!
great prof.. learned a LOT in my first year.. he holds your attention and he knows his material very well.. i've never fallen asleep in his class!
proff cohen was an absolute pleaure.. he has lectures broadcast online.. he does ervything to make you UNDERSTAND and apply econ ... as well as give you a decent grade. great great great proff.
he's a great prof...really understands what he's talking about and one of the few profs that can actually explain what he knows....course is not that hard just view all lectures and do the studyguide and it's a good course
we got 8% bell curve last yr. will go out of his way to help out. winner of some teaching award. he is for real.
this is the best prof EVER! he is wicked and anyone taking this course should defntly have him!
best professor with super good lecture notes. very useful website!
good prof, good lecture, u cant go wrong.
BEST prof ever! If u really want to learn economics take a course with him...he is really helpful and make u enjoy the economics...
hes good man
watch his lectures over and over and you'll do well. study the past tests and exams. his tests are hard and you have to apply yourself. but if you listen to his lectures, you should be fine. very clear when he teaches.
Great proff~ makes economics interesting
Excellent prof!
Best prof I've had so far
great prof, very clear, organized, uses technology thats helpful to the students
A Great Teacher.
Great professors, very encouraging to try harder, an inspiration.
If you want to learn this is the prof to have. And don't forget to turn your ringer off.
explains stuff really clearly. online lectures let you pause and jot down notes. if you're looking for a good mark go to furlong (memorization), if you're looking for learning, go to cohen (understanding). taken both, so i know.
Easy going, (except cell phone rang), easy tests, just simply go thru study guide and old tests and exams. Excellent!!!
An excellent professor. The course is not difficult, just requires some studying.
excellent
One of Canada's best university instructors.Received prestious 3M Teaching Award
hard prof gotta watch out
AMAZING! Dig. recorded lectures plus slides all on the net! NEED I SAY MORE
Amazing Prof, last time had all his voice lect. dig. recorded and uploaded 2net
Amazing prof. Knows his stuff. Must work hard to do well. Have recommended.
Best Micro/Macro Economics teacher around but his course is a LOT of work!
Very nice guy. Very interested in what he's teaching.
Very accessible outside of class and always willing to explain things in more detail, a really nice guy. The lectures could be a little disorganized, but he would be able to convey the core idea pretty well by the end, that's my only criticism.
Love his lecturing style. He has a "thinking aloud" approach to setting out proofs that draws the students in as collaborators. Extremely flexible with deadlines. Highly responsive and available for a tenured professor. Count me impressed. I would take any course with this gentleman and scholar.
He's amazing. Really caring and fair. What he says is whats on the midterm and the final. He wants people to do well and proofs has never been easier.
The best prof I have this year. He is very clear and helpful. I got a C in high school calculus but I'm getting an A+ in his class.
Great Prof, amazing guy and always ready to help. Spends a lot of time on lengthy irrelevant explanations, but overall a good prof.
Great Professor! Explains clearly, lectures with him are interesting. Gives quizzes every week or so, and that forces one to keep up, really helpful. If you do all your work, you will get a good mark. Prof is very helpful if you have any questions to ask, and friendly, he cares. Hope I have him in future for other math classes!
Very nice teaching style. Infinite better than brettler.
I dropped MATH1090 with Brettler because he was horrible, Szeptycki is amazing.
Love this prof. His explanations are very clear and thorough. Love his teaching style and the the challenging course.
have him right now for 1310 and had him for 1300. Hes really smart he really knows his stuff, could ask him anything and he'd be able to answer, organized too. Hard to keep up, feels like i would need to have read it already in order to grasp everything that goes on in class.
Had him for 1300 and 1310. Once you get used to him in one course, you'll realize that you actually DO understand what he teaches. He posts previous exams/quizzes/tests on the site which is MAJOR help, and he writes the lessons on chalkboard followed by examples thru slideshows. Very clear and concise, and really nice too! Gotta appreciate him.
Very fair professor, if you do everything he requires you have a good chance to finish with A or A+.
Don't listen to what perivous people wrote about him. I studied with him Math 1300 and 1310, and in both i finished with A+.He is very fair professor , and in his courses if you all the homework and study hard you will be able to finish with A or A+.
Perfect teacher with smart mind. He is so kind to students.
great teacher, very helpful
Do the homeword and you're guaranteed an A+(trust me)
Best university prof I ever came across
if u do his assigned HW, u'll get at least A
Great professor, he's rather "different" but really cares for his students. Tests are rather difficult, but all on materials he offers that help prepare us. All sorts of extra practise things are available too. Somewhat hard course overall tho. He's a nice guy too !
Good Prof!
Funny, clear, excelent prof!
I'm lucky to have had him as a teacher. He's great at encouraging first-year students, and has alot of patience. And his tests aren't that bad, as long as you've done all your homework. Oh yeah, he is kinda cute, like Fozzie Bear.
he did every thing he possibly can to help me out. and he actually listens to our problems before he makes a decision.
Excellent!
a nice guy, easy midterm, maybe hard exam
Great teacher, writes a lot but funny and sincere
Looks like Fozzy Bear, but great prof
he actually teaches!! unlike every other cs prof (ill omit names)
great personality, teaches in an interesting manner with good notes
great teacher.. very clear, concise and funny
He is one of the best prof at YorkU. This course needs some effort to pass for sure, prof gives example questions in every upcoming test, and his lectures are helpful and fun to listen. Overall, he is a good prof and likes to make everything clear to his students. Well organized.
Amazing and best for people who like to understand what they do instead of putting numbers in equations like robots. He is very strong on explaining concepts and ideas, and his tests focus on everything he actually does in class! Love this guy!
Prof Brettler explained things very well. Focused on concepts and understanding over precision. very busy course, I had low skills going in and probably would have failed with another Prof
I had very low math skills going into the class, the course moved quickly but Prof made it very easy to understand conceptually. I probably would have failed with another prof.
This course was definitely not an easy course. This course requires a lot of hard work especially when having Professor Brettler as a prof. However, he is a fantastic professor, he makes you realize the value of math. Just a tip, sharpen your skills on mental math as he does not permit calculators. IT is not impossible to achieve an A in the course
Great Professor. Takes problems and breaths life into them. There is a reason for doing this. A very challenging course to teach and does a great job of it. Is more than fair with quizzes, and very willing to help you work through problems, just ask! Finally someone who doesn't put me to sleep.
Awesome!
One of the Best Math professors at York University. Totally changed my way of looking at math in general. Not an easy professor because of the he wants the concepts to be understood on a deeper level than just being able to do the exercises, but this is also why he's so good :)
Very passionate about what he teaches, and makes you really want to understand whats going on with the material. One of the best Math profs (as long as you work hard in class).
He is a great prof. To be honest he is 1 of the best ones i've had at York. The material for his tests & quizzes is coevred in the exercises he gives. He is always glad to help if u don't understand something. do not blame him for ur own incapability.
very good, very clear, the best for this type of course. those who are complaining are not diligent enough and might lack math skills. his tests cover exactly the material from his lectures, and the proofs follow the very basic rules
:(
I loved taking ENG-243 with Prof. Singer! Her class was a relaxed and fun environment that I always looked forward to. She could be tough with feedback on essays, but was always willing to talk outside of class to figure it out. Would definitely recommend.
If you really work at her class, Natalia is easily one of the most rewarding, most caring professors at St. Lawrence. She is understanding and thoughtful and gets to know each student on a personal basis. She can be a tough grader if the effort or talent isn't there, but make no mistake she's the best teacher in the department.
If you graduate from SLU without taking a class from Natalia, you've missed out!! By far the best teacher I had during my 4 years at SLU.
great teacher who inspires her students
Natalia is amazing. She is a beautiful writer and a wonderful teacher of the craft. She is inspiring and exudes life and happiness.
As far teaching is concerned, Natalia is as best as they come.
Dr. Hirshfield is a very nice and friendly professor. He sends very detailed notes (a packet) and you must read/memorize to get decent grades. Exams are very fair (if you study) and counts one of them as half. I would take him again if I could. TAKE HIM!!!!!
hirshfield is a great professor, pay attention to what he said in class and go to his review session. Microbio is hard, dont blame the professor for not getting a good score. He is kind to everyone, please go to his class and respect him.
Dr. Hirshfield is a really sweet man. Don't skip class just because he sends all the notes, have some decent respect for him. Sit in the front so you can hear him properly. That way, you know what to focus on when you study, because the notes are usually very long. His exams are easy and fair if you study. Wish he taught other courses.
Dr. H is the sweetest man!! Don't buy the textbook or lab manual you won't use it at all. The exams questions all come from his notes, which he sends to you through e-mail. Exam questions are identical to the material in the notes. Easy if you study the notes.
Great professor. Emails his notes and exam questions come directly from them. Don't need the book, but do the Connect homework because it boosts your grade by a half letter. He's so adorable you just wanna give him a hug ^-^ Take him!
Love this man! You have to go to his review sessions, they will help you out a lot. Tests are not easy, i always found the multiple choice a little tricky. Don't bother buying the book, its his notes that count. Got an A, you do need to study to do well but the exams are very fair and manageable.
Biology is not supposed to be easy. This professor gives the students a pack of notes and that's what is on the test. What else can you ask for? You don't even have to read the book. I think this class was very interesting. Studying is a requirement though!! If you're a serious student than you will do well.
The Best professor in SJU. The course was easy. Attendance not mandatory but helpful since his tests are straight out of his notes, so long as you take good notes. Very helpful in clarifying misunderstandings. Very kind to his students and loves to learn about each and every one of you. Do research with him as well. It's easy and fun. Awesome MAN!!
Lecture is sometimes boring, but most of the time pretty interesting. Three tests, and before each test he hands out a review sheet. Study that, and his notes and you will be golden. His exam format is mc, t/f, short answer, and an essay on an article that he hands out before hand. There is a review session b4 each exam. Great Class/Prof!
Heres the lowdown. Don't really need to attend class. I missed plenty because its 7:30!!!! in the morning. It's nice to attend class sometimes to see where he's at. He gives a review sheet before all test and they are GOLD. YOU MUST HAVE THE REVIEW SHEET. he highlights word-for-word what you need to read in the book. Simple enough? Happy Hunting.
this guy ROCKS. very smart and also helpful, teaches the material well...and i love his jokes.
This guy is the best teacher I ever had at SJU. And probably better than all of my medical school profs.
I had "The Hirschinater" for graduate school classes. What a great teacher. He is tough, but you can't make the classes he taught easy. Great guy who is willing to give students trying hard a break.
Tough teacher. Comes across as nice and wimpy, but his grading is tough. Good teacher, but be prepared to work harder than he lets on.
FIrst of all, his first name is IRVIN.. ANyway, One of the best teachers in the department-a wonderful faculty advisor...genuine teacher who cares about the wellbeing of students in his class, their progress thru the course, and their future success.
One of the best teachers and tennis players. I remember him from 1980, he leaves a great impression.
great professor- clear - fair tests- lets you know exactly what is on the test:-)
Best professor with amazing lectures
Smith is one of the best professors at Grossmont, she teaches math so profoundly and is passionate about the subject. You will not pass by skipping her class. DO THE HOMEWORK. LITERALLY YOUR QUIZZES AND EXAM DEPEND ON YOU DOING THE HOMEWORK. Do not take this class thinking its an easy A. If you career choice involves a lot of math, take her!:)
Best math teacher ever! She is very good at explaining everything you need to know if you need help she will help you in class and outside of class. I always went to get help an hour before class and she was very clear and very helpful. Very thankful for her! Show up to class though or you will be lost! Awesome teacher!
One of the most helpful teachers I've had. She genuinely cares about her students. I actually didn't end up finishing her class towards the end because of personal issues, but I retook the math assessment and got into Trig because of everything I remembered from her class. All the work she requires you to do is worth it if you want to advance.
Professor Smith was very helpful and knowledgeable. Expect 2 quizzes every week and homework due at the beginning of each week. One quiz is from the sections you studied the previous week, and the second is a competency quiz on stuff you learned from algebra 2. Ask questions if you're confused and pay attention during the lecture.
One of the nicest people ever. Really cares about her students and wants to see them succeed. Quiz every Monday and hw also due every Monday. For a math class, it goes by pretty quickly. Isn't too harsh of a grader, would definitely take her again!
Great Teacher
Homework everyday, but not mandatory to turn in. Quizes everyday, one is a qroup quiz and can use your book or talk to classmates. Quizes come from homework and tests come from quizes. Very helpful. Sometimes funny. Goes through everything step by step.
Very clear, nice hand writing, easy to understand, goes over problems repeatedly until you/majority of the class understand. Over all a GREAT teacher! You have to show up and do the work to get the credit, but she makes it fun and easy to understand. I was never nerves to ask questions, she was always ready to answer step by step.
She actaully cares if you understand the material and will go over ANYTHING you need to.. awesome teacher!
Beth is an excellent teacher, I learned so much in her class. She genuinely cares for her students. She is very patient and always goes over homework material. Homework is assigned but not collected. Daily quizzes but they come right from homework problems so if you did your homework, you should be fine! I highly recommend taking her class!!
OK.She is good.
An excellent teacher. I would reccomend this teacher to anyone who has issues with algebra. Two things: go to class and do ALL of the homework. There are daily quizes which are based on the homework which also appear on the tests. Expect to spend 2-3 hrs. on homework for each class day.
Awesome teacher. If you don't understand something you will not be afraid to ask questions. She's very helpful and makes class fun. If you have the chance to take her class DO IT.
ALL I HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS TEACHER IS "SHE IS A WONDERFUL TEACHER"
This class is great! Beth is such a great teacher and she is so sweet.
I acutally got stuck in the class and didnt need it but she made the semester fun and interesting with her wonderful songs!!!She is a great teacher and will help anyway she can....
Beth, is a great teacher. she goes through every example to each problem. never miss her class u have a quiz everyday. she makes it fun also has little riddles to math problems. shes a fun teacher loves to make you laugh.
Excellent teacher, loves her job, teaches great techniques, ones that you will understand. patient, understanding, and very helpful. You have to come to class everyday, or else you will fall behind, there are quizzes everyday.
My first ever favorite math teacher.Very dedicated to the cause of education.Very able.Great personality.
First math teacher that I have EVER had that has taught me in a way that I actually understand....I don't think I'm horrible at math anymore because of her. .....She's also lots of fun and great eye-candy too!
Great instructor! I hadn't taken a math course in over two semesters and I ended up with an A in calculus! Very clear and concise instructions. Tests are exactly like the homework. Only downside is there are quizzes everyday! Study and you'll do well.
She is a great teacher who takes her tim and is never makes you feel dumb
A great teacher who explains everything perfectly. Easy to get extra help if needed and she is an easy going teacher. Have to show up to class every day, daily quizzes.
Great teacher, i wish i had more like her
Very patient and clear. I learned so much! Loves her job and it shows. GREAT!
Personable, Helpful, Clear, Just don't fall behind it's 5 units so do your h.w.!
Great Teacher!!! She will teach everything you need to know.
Very helpful, very clear in her explanations
Rick is a Top of the Line Pro all the way!!! He Generates interest coupled with outstanding capability to transmit the subject matter dealing with all facets of Athleticism. He is a winner's choice!!! Will
He's retiring which sucks -.- I love Coach. He's a great teacher and he's so helpful who cares if you had to buy the book quit whining he's there to TEACH you not to just let you lift. He's awesome and if I could I would take his class again :)
He's such a cool teacher and a cool guy at that. He's a genius when it comes to the human body and he knows how to make class fun! 11/10
Coach Rick is the best teacher that I've had, He know's what he's doing when it comes to Softball and teaching. He asks you every like 5 minutes if there's any questions and when your doing something wrong he doesn't yell he stops what ever he's doing and helps you fix your mistakes. He's just a good person all around.
he is the best
Coach T is a great person. he is a lot of fun and grades really easy. I recommend this class to anyone.
Show up on time, be respectful and hustle. Do these three and your just about guaranteed an A. Great teacher, very knowledgable. Wants everyone to pass - and gives everyone enough opportunities to do so. Funny as well!
Frequently repeats himself. Kinda beats certain points into the ground, but still fun, nice, and classes are easy.
I LIKE COACH T. HE HAS TAUGHT ME ALOT ABOUT THE GAME OF SOFTBALL. HE IS AN EASY A IF YOU SHOW UP AND PARTICIPATE EVERYDAY.
hes an AWSOME teacher! i will definantly be taking his classes again!
Very cool teacher, knows his stuff. There is some running involved, I wasn't a big fan of it, but it put me back in shape. Other than that I enjoyed his class a lot. Take him, he is willing to take that extra step for everyone, whatever it takes to help you. I would take him again myself.
I really liked him. A really nice man- reminded me of my dad!
This teacher is great, he cares about your learning and teaches u a proper workout. He is funny honest respectul man. If your are really into leaning about health and physical workout, take this guy. He is awsome. good job Coach :)
Very easy and fun class. Helps you improve your game. Really Cool. Great Teacher.
Cool dude, very hip for his age
Prof. Bevan was the best teacher I had in college. She was friendly, kind, approachable yet demanding. She opened our eyes to worlds outside the Ivory tower of academia and searched for ways to allow her students to experience the world. Her ability to make the complex simple was extraordinary. Simply the best, as an educator, person and friend.
Prof. Bevan basically grades you on your name. If she likes you and you display even rudimentary interest during class you've got an A. She's funny and nice and doesn't really give much of any work. She doesn't take attendance, which is good, because the class can often be boring. Very discussion-heavy. Interesting topics usually though.
She will be your grandmother for the semester instead of your professor. She's the best!
She's really nice and will help you with anything. She even wrote recommendations for a couple of guys in the class.
Prof Bevan is the sweetest prof. in YU by far. She is caring and insightful, and she works in order to gain a relationship with you. I do not kid when I say that I have a bigger connection with her than I do with my rebbe. Her readings are insightful and her class is well paced. If you are interested in her subjects I highly recommend.
she was very clear, and interesting. i thought i would never enjoy political philosophy and it turned out that i had a great time. the class helped me in a lot of other fields as well.
I love her! she is very cultured and intellectual. A genuine kind heart. I hate philosophy but I really enjoyed the class. I am not a writer but because each essay was only 2 or 3 pages it was not too difficult. The class is not structured AT ALL but the conversation is always stimulating.
Of all my poli sci courses, Bevan has come closest to real world issues. Very interactive classes, very accepting personality, fair grader; she keeps her political views to herself; it is a class with limited structure, she prefers seminars and discussion. She hates exams, and rarely gives an in class examination. Mostly open-ended papers and exams
One of my all-time favorite professors. I came in raw and stupid - I left smarter and better equipped to deal with the rest of my stay in college.
excellent teacher. insightful and wise - she has genuine concerns and real interest in who the student is. like the richard feynman of poli sci.
Extremely nice and caring lady! Open-minded. Interesting, excellent teacher. Assigns too many readings. Fair grader.
Great Instructor!!! He likes it when you talk and participate in class. You will learn much more then you expected. He is very understanding and will work with you. There is a lot of reading though and you have to type quite a few papers but none of it is really that bad. Highly recommended!!!
Awesome instructor. You will change the way you look at things.
Great Guy, really makes you think about your personal Ethics. I would suggest this class for anyone.
This is both the easiest and hardest class I have ever had; Aiken is an easy going prof and the work load is light, but he will really make you think and question what you believe, which may consume your life if you let it (and I most certainly did). Favorite class and teacher so far at Ferris...
Had a while back. Aiken was fair and was always there for his students. There were no exams, but their was papers. Interesting class never was bored in class
Took him because of all the positive reviews. But, was not impressed. He brought his a game to class once and taught well. The rest of the time he relied on the class. To each his own...Not my favorite though.
Aiken is one of the reasons I stay interested in school. He truly cares about his students. If you don't like to think or are looking for an easy A, don't bother with Aiken. He forces you to think, rather than memorize useless information from a textbook. Best professor at Ferris! I've never met someone so intelligent and challenging.
This teacher is amazing!!!! By far my favorite teacher teaching ethics/philosophy at ferris state university....I totally recommend him to anyone..you will learn soooo much!!!
Great professor, tied all things into real life situations that are important and interesting, all quizzes are done in groups, no tests, a couple of papers
You'll learn more in the 15 minutes it takes him to pass around the attendance sheet than you will in your entire collegiate career. Ferris educations are not complete without committing your time & energy to David Aiken's courses.
Grade is based on the book exams (the author of the book created). These exams are extremely easy (group of 2-3 usually). About 50% of your grade will be based on attendence, 30% on exams, and 20% on reports. About 4/5th of the class time will be a discussion on anything, which isnt graded and notes are not required. You will learn a lot!
Dr. Aiken is such a great professor. Never had a class like this. Love it. Aiken is great to look at. Cute pic of him and Daisy in office.
Aiken is awesome. He knows his****. And Daisy is also the****.
The class is way too easy, however still manages to get the subject matter across adequately. For those truely interested in the subject, you'll find Aiken to be one of the few truely brilliant professors at this university.
He's a good professor. Really well educated, but is a little condisending. He is very agains Christians, so if you have faith stay strong. He'll challenge you, but he shows respect. Good Luck Christians. Liberal know it all kids, on the other hand, you'll love this guy. I would, and am taking him again. He actually allows unique thoughts!
This teacher is excellant. He may come off like he knows everything but very intelligant in what he is teaching. Loved his class, quizzes are done in groups sometimes and there are no final or mid-term tests.
He's super sexy! He's the best teacher at Ferris. Take him for sure! If you enjoy intelligent conversations, and would like to expand your mind. He's awesome!!! did i mention hot?
This man is frighteningly intelligent! Not a class goes by when he doesn't baffle me. Great class for outgoing people since he loves class participation. Some days he can be very serious and deep but for the most part he's hilarious, and class is always fun. You can tell he loves philosophy.
By far the most intelligent professor I have encountered. He is hilarious, which makes for an entertaining class. I highly recommend him.
Dr. Aiken is an Excellent teacher. He's so smart and has a great sense of humor. He made this class so extremely interesting, I would for sure take him again.
Best teacher I ever had. I am taking him again!
one of my best classes and teachers. Would recommend the class to anyone
Simply the best professor I've had. The entire class, even the slackers that sleep in the back, hung on his every word.
Oi! aiken
You'll think twice about life after taking this class. Aiken is AWESOME! You can sit back and relax and come up with bizarre reasons for why the world exists. It is so entertaining and I learned so much. He is the best teacher ever!
Dr. Aiken is a treasure at Ferris. He is passionate about his subject matter and creates an atmosphere of excitement for learning in the classroom. He has been extremely helpful in giving me a direction for the future of my education.
Best prof ever. Class is fun. He's so nice and grades are forgiving. He knows is stuff, he's funny, he's passionate. I'd take all his classes if I could.
Unbelievable teacher! You will learn so much, never get bored, and even get an A!
Crasy Aiken, thats what i call him. He has too much passions and it drive my brain crasy. Easy class and looks like he reads peoples' mind. He always pick on me. If he ask you a question, you better give him a intelligence answer
He is one of the best teachers I have ever had! His classes are very entertaining and enjoyable to attend. Very easy and laid back.
Aiken is one of those rare teachers who are truly passionate about their subjects. One of the best things about him is that he can relate the beliefs of ancient dead philosophers to the modern concerns of his students.
THE BEST PROFESSOR AT FERRIS. HE GOOD PERSON, TEACHER, AND LISTENER OF HIS STUDENTS. HE TEACHES THE REAL OF HIS PROFESSION.
Aiken is not only the most awesome professor at Ferris, but probably the best professor in the state. He gives you a real education, his classes are fun, and although he expects intelligence from his students, he's always very willing to work with you.
If you somehow get through Ferris without Aiken, then you did not get an education here! If want to know why you think what you do and want to actually challenge yourself -- take something with Dr. Aiken.
He's a really great guy and knows a great deal about a great many things.
Great class. Open class discussions helps with understanding difficult concepts
excellent teacher, you show up, you pass...very straightforward
He has opened my eyes to new ideas. I am a new and better person because of him.
Easiest class I've ever taken. She reuses past semesters tests, so get some from people who've taken the class before you and just memorize it. No actual book required for class either (just quick notes). She offers lots of extra-credit too.
easiest class at ferris.tests are easy, she makes lectures interesting because she's nuts, and labs are easy.if you're looking for 4 easy science credits, this is your class...
Very fun teacher. labs are easy, you pretty much get all the answers from her. MUST go to the reviews, very helpful for tests. skipped alot of lectures, but she does give quizzed in lecture so dont skip too much.
Westhoven is awesome! She is so easy. Just go to the study group before the test and get the study guide. Go to lab, she gives you all of the answers to everything. Lecture isn't a must, but she gives surprise quizzes if attendance is down.
What a great prof. I couldn't say enough good things about her..
Great teacher!
He is the reason I minored in political science. This man is awesome.
Bill Niemi is the reason behind my learning to love to study. He is brilliant and an amazing teacher. Having attended his classes and learned the associated skills has made all of the difference in my top tier MBA program.
All these people that complain about Niemi are business majors and don't like to have to use their brain. He is the best teacher at Western. He is fair and will help you if you ask. The test and papers are graded pretty easy.
One of the best prof I've ever had. He is smarter than you so be careful; in other words don't say anything uninformed. Great guy and prof.
Great prof.
This man is the reason I didn't transfer to another school. He is brilliant and dedicated to his students. If your willing to work for your education Bill will make sure you are not dissapointed.
One of the best professors I have ever had. He is the reason I changed over to a POLS major. It's very unfortunate he is gone.
Don't count on him getting your tests graded within a reasonable period of time, but its worth waiting. He is an incredible man.
Very patient. His lectures are often light-hearted. Aside from his handwriting on the board which can be hard to understand at times, you will learn alot from him.
Wineman is a really experienced and funny professor. If he sees your hand go up in class (which is rare that he sees it, he rarely deviates from writing on the board) he usually gives a good answer. The homework can be tough, but working in groups and taking good notes in lecture helps. Overall a must-have professor
Prof Wineman is great! If you're planning to take ME 211 you would want to take it with him. Office hours are crucial if you want to learn the material and get the weekly hw done. His exams are the easiest of all the professors, and he's just an amazing person.
Professor Wineman is an excellent choice for ME211. Very clear explanations and gives good guidance on what to study for the exams. He works hard to provide real world examples for the uses of each lecture subject. Downside: His handwriting can be tough to read and the HW load in this class can be high.
Great teacher, makes lectures interesting. Offers a lot of office hours, very helpful
Wineman is the best 211 teacher. Homeworks are challenging, and office hours aren't very good because alot people come and it can be difficult to get help. However, if you do the homework, the exams are generally straightforward. Uses funny examples and very straighforward explanations. Would take him again.
Amazing. Seriously, take anything he teaches. My only problem with him was I laughed too hard at his jokes and felt awkward. Knows a ton, obviously loves teaching and is super helpful.
greatest professor of all time.
Hands down, best professor in the department.
Best ME 211 professor by far. I've dealt with all three in the help room, and Wineman is the most helpful and easily understood. You have to go to lecture b/c he explains everything there and does a lot of examples from the book. Most examples are very similar to exam problems, which are also the easiest of all 211 sections. Great professor!
Great prof. Makes going to lecture fun with his jokes and enthusiasm. Gives exam hints to those who come to lecture and his exams are easiest of all ME 211 classes.
The best choice for ME 211. To the point, Wineman will only teach you what you need. He also has a great sense of humor and is very helpful. His exams are easier (more straightforward, less trickery) than the other professors'. Don't be fooled though, as all ME 211 classes have the same, very challenging homework.
favorite professor by far. very approachable, easily understood, and very fair. all in all a great professor :)
Awesome coursepack. Very funny guy; keeps the classes interesting and entertaining.
THE BEST. But be prepared to study. If you go to class it's not that hard.
clear, probably the best choice for 211
Best Professer I've ever had
Rabbi Reiner is a master of Torah learning and a gem of a human being. Any member of his congregation is blessed to have such a rabbi. Lectures were engrossing and lively. Rabbi Reiner made Jewish history come alive. May God bless Rabbi Reiner and his family with boundless goodness in all areas spiritual, physical, and financial.
Thought the class was amazing. don't make the mistake of thinking its all mesorah. read the class notes (that you copy from someone else) and the articles that he gives. they are actually quit interesting. lets you do a paper if you dont do well on the midterm. thats really nice of him.
Wes is the man. If you are interested in history he is really knowledgable and you will like this class. Quizes every week sucks and tests can be hard. This class is not easy but at the end of the day if Wes likes you he will take care of you.
Watters is a stand up guy who wants the best for his students. The night class can be long with a lot of notes that all gather up on the test, but it is doable with studying and rereading notes. He will help whenever you need it and wants the best for his students.
Professor Watters is a great teacher, just make sure to actually do your readings and be prepared for the quizzes. You'll have to spend a decent amount of time studying for the test as well. Make sure you take good notes as well, they make up a lot of the information.
This was my second time taking a class with Dr. Watters. This class was harder than the first one I took but I still really enjoyed it. The class is mostly lectures but they are very entertaining. There aren't many grades (there are a few quizzes, a case study, and the final). This class does require a good amount of studying.
Very old school style of teaching; I did not use D2L a single time in the class. However, as long as you attend the lectures and take decent notes, you should have no problem getting a B at the very worst. Dr. Watters is a very caring and knowledgeable professor who interacts with his students. Would definitely recommend.
Watters is honestly my favorite professor. I was sick the first month of class an the gave me so much time and grace to make it up. He is funny but old school. Nothing is online and everything on paper. Honestly he is awesome and I love his lectures! He even includes fun facts about history like scandals of presidents.
Great guy
Dr. Watters is an absolute animal. His lectures are great. Awesome semester.
Love my man, Wes!
He is a great professor, his lectures are HILARIOUS and really makes history interesting. The class is long, but he gives you a break in the middle and frequently lets class out 20-30min early. Be prepared to take notes - LOTS of notes. There are 3 exams and quizzes every week but are easy if you take good notes.
The class is easy if you show up and take notes. Wes Watters is very passionate about the class and throws a bunch of interesting stories and funny facts about the information he is lecturing about. Class is usually cut short and goes by quickly while he is teaching.
take his night class!!! i actually kinda looked forward to it. he is hilarious and a great lecturer, he makes history really interesting. weekly quizzes and the tests are pretty hard, but I passed/failed the class and didn't really study at all and still got a B-. night class usually doesn't take the whole time and he gives you a 15 min break
My favorite professor this semester. I actually looked forward to this class. It is a lecture class though, so if you aren't the type of person who can sit and take notes for 2+ hours, then don't take this class. But he makes the time go by really fast and almost always lets us out early.
Anyone who is saying that his class is "impossible" simply isn't trying. He's a great teacher, best history teacher I've ever had. He's funny and has some really cool stuff that he shares with the class. If you know how to take notes and study then you'll be fine. Definitely take him.
great guy. his class is long but he makes it very interesting. it's history so not the best stuff in the world. really nice guy. talk with him
If you have a chance to take Dr. Watters it is well worth your time! He is the best professor I have EVER had. He is extremely helpful, and does not make you waste your time reading the book. Rather, he actually TEACHES. Go figure. He is funny and keeps your attention through the entire class. He is nice and is extremely helpful.BEST PROFESSOR EVER
He is an awesome teacher, and A MUST TAKE! I got an easy A, just take the quizes(study), he will help you, and the test are easy, as long as you study, and he is funny and caring!
Though I did make a D+, that was because I failed to attend class the first two weeks of school. He made EVERY attempt to help me excel! He is an excellent professor who gets to know you personally. He knows everyone's name and makes the class fun and entertaining. This is a must-take class for everyone...he's one of the good ones here at TCU.
Take notes, read your reading assignments, you will pass. There are weekly quizzes that you won't pass if you don't study. Dr. Watters is always helpful and will repeat something if you ask him during lecture. He keeps things light and fun. I highly recommend.
Not an easy A, but an easy B. Go to class. Quizes every night and takes attendance. Remembers faces and names, so he will notice if you are not there. Males the night class interesting and go by quickly. If you attend every class, 10 bonus points. If not interested in Histor, but must take it for UCR, and don't mind a night class, take him.
Go to class because he offers lots of extra credit. study for the quizzes. he gives a good review sheet for the tests. he's an awesome guy so get to know him, he knows lots about history just be ready to take over 2 and a half hours of notes with one break
One hell of a teacher. I would take him again if I could. Study for the quizzes and the tests will be easy. Very funny and keeps you focused on what he has to say. Easy A If you go to class and read the assignments.
If you don't mind night classes his is definitely the one to take. The class goes fast (lots of notes); however, if you pay attention an A is definitely possible. There is a daily quiz but it will only help your grade (they are very easy). He is very funny and makes class interesting.
I had him in high school, he is one of my all time favorite teachers. He is funny, and interesting. I highly suggest him he is engaging and will make whatever he is teaching interesting.
This is definitely the person to take if you don't mind having a night class. He makes the material interesting.
Interesting, knows a lot of little things here and there to add to the coursework. Bunches of chances to keep a good grade. Good lecturer. Likes kids, likes to teach.
I had this guy in Highschool , he one of the best teachers I have had in my life. Funny Guy, really smart, and cuts out the BS work. ( loves teaching so much, that he has a Ph.D and still teaches highschool kids, also reason why he teaches at night.)
Tells good jokes. Really likes history and makes it clear what is going on. Be ready to take notes like your life depends on it, because your grade does. I thought the tests were pretty hard, but maybe thats just me.
Really enjoyed his class, just read and study for the tests and they aren't too bad. He gives extra credit! Study for weekly quizzes. Very Funny.
He definitely makes this night class worth taking! I would recommend this class. He makes the class fairly entertaining for History. There is a quiz each class, but they count as a third test grade which helps you out. He talks fast, so be ready to write!
He is so awesome! I love him! His tests are very straight forward and he offers extra credit!
Is a very interesting teacher who makes you want to learn
GREAT CLASS!! I LOVE HIM!!!
He is such a funny guy! Always is making jokes about college kids drinking and such. Quiz for each class (once a week/night class) but they are not hard if you look over the notes before. He will help your grade out if he knows you tried! TAKE HIM!!
I had him for printmaking in fall of 1977! I alo babysat his son several days a week. A really nice man.
Very nice man. Projects can be challenging, but you can always re-do for a better grade. Extra credit can done any time. He is more interested in what you learn and get out of his class rather than the grade.
The nicest man ever. He is so helpful and if you're nice to him, he'll be nice to you.
He is the cutest older man ever. He is always very real with his students. He will even give them the option everyone meeting for bagels instead of class for a day, and if you dont want to go, you dont have to. He really cares about his students.
he's super chill and always up for questions
one of the best at UMaine, really knows his stuff, makes class super interesting
The course was challenging, but Prof. Schwintzer will do everything to help you succeed. She's extremely kind, however you must be serious about her class. Definitely one of the better teachers I have had at UMaine.
great teacher
She's a great lecturer! Her notes are well-organized and easy to follow. Her tests are fair and understandable. I definitely recommend her!
She's so cute..very nice and caring. She wants you to understand the material. Funny Jokes. But she won't be teaching BIO 200 anymore.
She knows her material and is more than willing to help! she's funny and a sweet woman. I strogly suggest ou take a class with her. she r0x0rs
If you like plants you will love Christa, very accessible, helpfull, slow pace.
Best professor I ever had
She's great!
I had Jim for HON 211 and 212. He has been one of my favorite professors at UMaine. I highly recommend taking any of the Civilizations sequence with him. You're writing will drastically improve!
WOW! Best honors preceptor I've had yet, definatly better than Alex Grab. This guy really knows how to make HON fun. Great classes, really good discussions, he knows what an honors class should be like. He requires a few more papers than the other profs. but over all is fairly easy and his grading is great.. all A's for me!
I liked Jim's teaching so much, I took several classes with him, and I wasn't a sociology student! Definitely one of the best professors I had at UMaine.
Best professor I've had in my life. You'll look forward to class if you have Gallagher.
Excellent teacher overall. Clear with his ideas, great at starting class conversation and debate. Highly recommended.
Jim is awesome! One of the best profesors I've ever had! I learned so much from him and from our class. It was awesome!
Jim is one of the best prof's I have ever had. He really makes you think and is excited by his work and students ideas
YOU KICK ASS JIM!!
once again, jim is the man. the absolute best teacher i've ever had, bar none.
Best teacher I've ever had. Definitely worth taking DelVecchio's course in order to get to Jim's.
Excellent teacher, really relates material to stuff, inclusive speaker
One of Maine's best professors. Cares about students
Loved this class, really good professor! Made everything clear and was very helpful if needed! That deer carcass experiment was pretty gross, but still this was an amazing class
A class and a professor that live up to the hype! I took SMS120 in the summer but I think I would have enjoyed it just as much in a regular term. Prof. Kornfield makes the class fun, informative and interesting. It's true you need to study EVERYTHING (there are no study guides), but test are weighted so that helps a ton. Overall, a great class!
You get to watch him get hammered and try to coherently articulate how breathalyzers work. He sliced open a shotgun shell and lit it on fire to show the power of smokeless powder and almost lost his eyebrows. Intense look into the world of forensic science and all the encompassing aspects.
Wonderful teacher, keeps class very entertaining, took it as a freshman and had a wonderful time!
I absolutely loved Irv's class, literally the best I've ever taken. He is intelligent and insightful, and his lectures are meaningful. The tests are easy if you go to class, and you don't even need to crack the textbook. The crime scene project that he does at the end is awesome. Has a dog (Sadie) that comes with him to class.
Basicly the Dr. House of evolutionary biology, to the point and hilarious.
great professor, great sense of humor, go to review sessions, would recommend to anyone thinking about taking evolution
Irv is just awesome. Totally awesome. He's an amazing prof, definitely try to take a class with him. Awesome awesome. Even a creationist could probably get stuff out of his evolution course.
IRV IS AWESOME.Hes abosolutely hillarious in class and makes everything very interesting and enjoyable. THeres alot of hands on for a lecure class (which is good) nHe may seem alil unaprochable to begin with but if you need help and go to see him he is so nice and will help you with anything and jsut wants you to learn and understand.
He's an awesome prof, really! He makes class very enjoyable.
The best class I've ever taken. He knows his stuff and it shows. Irv's enthusiasm for the subject and the integration of guest speakers into the class make every class interesting. I looked forward to going to each and every class. I only wish that there was a 200 level offered.
Irv is an awesome teacher - clear, organized, funny, helpful. If you are ever unsure of anything talked about in class, in the books, or on an upcoming test, ask it in SMS chat on first class and he'll respond within a few hours. Great guest speakers, too. Definitely a great class to take.
Irv is the man. His class is easy, and he's a sweet teacher.
awesome teacher!!! his interest in the subject is refreshing. his support for his students is also refreshing. go to his class and ask questions if needed and it is possible to do well. he is a REAL professor and REAL nice guy. wish I could take more of his classes but was more than happy with his forensics class.
He is a great guy that will go out of his way to help. He sceduals review sessions befoure every exam that pretty much tell you exactly whats on the exam. He has really dry humor that takes a little to get used to. Great class and i would highly recomend it
VERY FUN CLASS!! I loooooved this class.. granted Im interested in the material.. I had so much fun in this class.. he got **** one day!! lol.. he really tries to interact with the class.. and makes class a lot of fun.. lots of knowledgable guest speakers.. just so much fun.. TAKE THIS CLASS.. its one of my favorites!!!!!!!!
It is quite remarkable how intense,sparkling green eyes will sustain my interest. Then, to also have a professor with a mind that thinks and challenges even my most basic assumptions...well, Jack was right, I did have to take this class...and boy do I hate science. [Well, not any more]. Worth the effort. Would take any course this professor offers.
great class and great professor. very interesting. tests are pretty easy if you study, but very fair, no suprises. lectures can be very entertaining
He is a very good teacher!! He makes class very intresting and you are excited to go to the next class!!
Intelligent and entertaining at the same time.
One of the most interesting and fun professors I've ever had. He made me actually want to come to class. His lessons were absolutely wonderful, his passion for the subject showed and rubbed off on the whole class. I would definitely recommend him.
What an awesome professor! Class is always interesting and he's excellent at maintaining students' attention. I would highly recommend taking his Forensics course!
Excellent and highly entertaining class. Forensics class, so some tough material and it really engages the mind, but one of the most interesting classes I've ever taken, and I couldn't imagine having anyone else as in instructor.
Totally and absolutely fun!
He is abnormally smart. Take his classes, you will be a better, more well-rounded person for doing so.
People just don't get Pierce, he is freakin hilarious. He's also probably one of the finest instructors at Tarleton, one of the few that gets you to think about what you're learning rather than just regurgitating his lecture notes.
He is super! Makes every class interesting and demands the best from you while giving you his best!
One of the best instructors I have ever had. Knows his stuff, demands your best work, and brings wit and humor to class.
Simply put, he changed my life.My life long love of learning, especially on philosophy, consciousness, political science and everything in between can be traced back to his encouragement. And his influence didn't stop with me. My son is now getting a Ph.D in the Philosophy of Science at UCA. I regret I didn't thank him when I had the chance.
Quite thorough, even if he's not a lawyer. VERY skilled in debate and knows his material; he would have been a barnburner if he had ever worked in the State Department. Loved his ability to interact with students and his door was always open to me... but I SHOWED that I was working.
Very good teacher. Funny and enexpected.
Dr. Chappell is professional, knowledgeable, and very smart. One must work hard for one's grade in her class but will learn a lot. I highly recommend.
Dr. Chappell is amazing. I really dig the way she just unloads information on the class. Be prepared to deal with concepts you may not've entertained before. Challenging and very interesting. One of the best professor's I've taken.
Dr Chappell is very professional, INTELLIGENT, and interesting. If you're looking for an easy class, look elsewhere. She is challenging, but you will learn A LOT. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PROFESSOR!!!
Overall Class:enjoyable... she is kinda tough, makes your work for your grade
best prof ever. who ever doesn't like him has something out for him. show up to class and pass with an A. very understanding, kind, caring. every prof should be like him. he is amazing. have taken about 3 classes with him and loved him in all of them.
He is really good at teaching and does a lot of review for the final. Attending lectures is so important. I don't think a textbook is necessary.
Best prof I've ever had
Love him
Best Econ Prof. Straight forward and easy to follow along. Go to classes and you will do very well on all aspects of the course.
Best prof ever
I just wanted to say I took eCoN 203 wITh pETeR tRacY and I loved it.
He is hilarious and his lectures are clear and concise for first year Econ courses.
Peter Tracey is the funniest prof you will ever have. 11/10 take his class. Overall it isnt a hard course but you need to attend every lecture or youll fail. He teaches out of the textbook so you cant just read the text and expect to pass. He will also give you tons of direct questions from the final in class. His lectures are comedy every day.
Absolute beauty!
The Legend
Any class with PT is pretty much a GPA booster. However, no notes on D2L so class is mandatory and gets boring. He plays music before every class and finishes his lecture 10-20 min early literally every day. Pretty much haven't done anything all year and I have an A+.
Go to classes and pay attention, especially in the Review sessions as he does exam questions. Overall very good prof.
Just a splendid professor.
Awesome prof. He understands that the class has a lot of non-econ majors and thoroughly explains the econ concepts so everyone understands. He tells you what is on the midterm and final exam. He doesn't post notes so going to class is a must. The chapter assignments help you understand the class topics and prepare for the midterm and final.
He always ends lectures early and loves playing loud music at the start of class. Don't be fooled by his appearance, he's there for a great time too! Only 2 assignements and has no filter.
Noice hat. Noicer music
Peter Tracey lives up to the hype. He's a fantastic prof that really cares as long as you care. If you show up to class, pay attention, and ask questions you will succeed in his class. He made challenging content easy to understand and apply. He's quirky but an absolute gem and will keep you on your toes when taking note ;) (occasionally messes up)
He is unlike any other prof that I have ever had. When he is working on something complicated, he does not make you sit there and listen for 50 minutes. He dismisses you early sometimes so he doesn't force info into your head. He makes you write down a lot but I found it useful because studying becomes easy & gives answers for assignments in class
LOVE PETER TRACEY!! He is the best prof I had in my whole university experience. He helps students out remarkably and is well respected.
Best 201 prof. I hardly put in any work into the class because he handed out test answers like there's no tomorrow, made the class interesting and explained things in a way there was no way you could not know what was going on. I spent a fraction of the time my friends did in this class (they had a different prof) and finished with a higher grade
This man is a living legend. Has an extreme level of understanding for what students are going through, so although you do learn lots in class, he makes it very fair and is known to end classes early on Fridays. Wonderful man - he has expectations, and if you do what he says you will do great. No ambiguity. I would follow this man into war
He tells you exactly what to study and what will be on the tests if you show up to his lectures. Just go to class and youll get an A.
Such a good prof! Understands that most people take Econ to raise their GPA and helps them with that
Best prof you could ever take for an Econ course. He made a subject matter I hated with a passion and made it my best class with his clear, precise notes and dry sense of humor. Just make sure you go to class and take notes because they won't be posted on D2L. There's 2 leniently marked written assignments + 1 midterm + 1 final.
loved the class and the lectures! looked forward to this class. Tracey is the best most generous professor!
Best classes I've taken are with Tracey. Wish he could teach everything! Really nice, friendly and has amazing lectures.
Tracey is my most favourite professor at the university. He is amazing, funny and wants his students to do well!
Peter is probably one of the best profs I've ever had. He is very funny, and makes econ fun. GOOOO to class because he gives out answers to the final. Midterms should be an easy A, since he gives out the questions beforehand. The final was tough so make sure you study enough for it. Good luck!
Peter is a great prof. His notes are very concise and he literally only tells you what will be on the tests, so everything he writes down is important. If you understand the notes, you'll be fine
He is an amazing professor and you should try your best to get him! He uses a lot of important/relevant examples so come to class! You can ace it as long as you show up, pay attention and take notes. If he says something is on a test, make a note cause he doesn't lie! He does a lot of test questions in class as well. He gives away some answers too!
One of the best profs ever! And don't listen to people the final isn't hard at all if you study from the notes he gives in class
His one of the best profs at the uni. His midterm and assignments are pretty straightforward, but I have to say his finals are on the more difficult side. You do have to attend class however as he goes by his notes.
WOULD ANYONE LIKE TO A ASK A QUESTION ?
Tracey is amazing! If the quality of teaching was as high as Tracey's in all u of c classes, u of c would be the new Harvard.
Favourite prof! I look forward to his classes. He really cares that you do well, and gives you everything that you need to succeed
Peter Tracey is one of the best professors I have ever had. He makes class enjoyable by making jokes and has funny lectures. He gives away a lot of hints for upcoming tests and goes through examples. As long as you attend the lectures and put some work into the class you will pass no problem!!
Best prof. If you have the chance, take a course with him
He gives us pretty much free marks and goes over the some of the midterm before we take it.
Tracey is the best. He tells you what is on exams, and he's really organized. Barely used the textbook, don't buy it. All the hype is right - the full U of C experience requires a class with Tracey.
SO GOOD! He wants you to do well in this course. Always has time for questions and makes sure you are very prepared for exams
Peter tracey is one of the best profs ive ever had at the university, his humor enlightens the mood every lecture, and makes the course interesting
Best Professor in Canada and one of the best in North America, you don't even need to try you just have to listen to his lecture for about 40min every class, they are engaging.
Amazing teacher. I cannot stress how great Tracey is. If you show up to class and take the notes, you are golden. He is straight forward and willing to help you after class if you don't get something. He will do multiple examples of math problems to maximize learning. Tests/assignments are derived from the examples. no one better than Tracey!!
One of the best profs, show up to lectures, pay attention, and read the book and get a Easy A.
Best teacher super clear about everything giving goos examples, really sets you up for all your exams. Super funny as well.
He's da real MVP
In my opinion the best economics prof you can get. You have to attend class as he will not post lecture notes but if you do attend expect easy to learn notes, clear funny examples and a professor that understands his students. Listen to him as he literally gives test questions away, pay attention and write down anything he says.
Tracey is one of the best professors I have ever had at the University. The entire term is enjoyable, his teaching style makes it very easy to learn the material. He doesnt reference the textbook almost at all during the term, so it was not needed. But beware of his final exam, it was nothing like the midterm.
Peter Tracey sure knows how to make the class interesting. You had to attend his class to do well. He gave out questions to his midterms so memorize them. The final is non-cumulative yet brutal. It was nowhere as easy as his midterms. Study your butt of if you want to preserve that 4.0 after the final.
In the words of this great man. "Booo!! Shame!!!!" - Peter Tracey Tracey is one of the most respected proffs at the U of C and makes ECON interesting. Coming from someone who hates anything related to numbers I'd take his courses in a heartbeat. If you're going to the U of C and need ECON for your degree, there is no other choice but Tracey.
Seriously the easiest Econ class ever and Peter some how makes econ interesting.
Hilarious prof, take Econ only with him!! Super helpful with exam material.
Great Prof. His lectures are extremely useful. If you don't go to class you'll have trouble with certain concepts as he sometimes teaches things differently from the textbook. Would recommend taking a class with him.
Best prof ever. take this class if u want to get an easy A. he gives 2 practice midterms which are worth 50% in total and he puts the same questions in the actual test. the guy is a legend. the final is a bit harder but thats probably cause the class average going into it was 90%
Loved taking a class with Tracey. He goes through everything you need to know. Also is really funny.
He is great at teaching and goes over everything before tests and assignments. Really recommend to take a class with tracey!
Awesome guy, goes through practice questions and actually helps you prepare for the midterm
You won't regret taking his class.
HES A GOD
If you're taking Econ 201/203, don't take any other prof but him. He's the besssst.
Peter is one of the best profs I've had in university - his lectures are incredibly great and he brings a really interesting and educational perspective to economics. He gives students all the tools to succeed and answers questions respectfully. Not to mention he is hilarious and engaging. I will be taking another class with him in the future.
Hilarious & genuinely caring professor. Went over the types of things we saw on the final exam, but not in so much detail that it was a breeze - it was TOUGH, and required a really solid understanding of the material. Grading scale is pretty brutal (84-88% leaves you with a B+!), and 301 isn't an "easy A course", but take it with Peter if you can.
Peter Tracey is so genuinely caring. He really wants his students to pass and he really cares about what he's teaching. If you're struggling just go see him! He will help you out. Classes are a little dull, but he's so nice and funny you don't even notice.
A great prof and lover :)
Peter Tracey is an awesome prof. Always get a laugh from him every class. Jot down more notes than what he writes, write down some of the things he says as when you go over the notes, graphs specifically, they can be quite blank. Easy midterms, the final was NOT hard, as long as you give yourself enough time to learn the graphs and what they mean.
Peter is simply a great prof. Does not seem to change his notes tho, had them from a few years back and he was writing the same stuff on the projector word for word. Make sure you go to lectures because he gives away test questions. Easy enough for non-business kids as well. Would recommend him for any econ class.
Dr Tracey is what you expect in a great professor. He's clear in his explanations and fair in his tests. His lectures are interesting, informative, and a crucial part to doing well in this course. If you treat him with respect and turn off your phones he might give midterm and final questions to the class. The final is much harder than the midterms
Excellent prof - tries to keep the class short and relevant. The midterm's are super easy so everyone goes into the final with a high mark -that being said, the final is extremely difficult (to bring the class average down) Ace the midterms so you don't have to stress TOO much about the final!Overall great prof! But NEVER bring your phone to class
Fun times, just dont bring your phone :P
Really good prof as you've probably heard. Eased all us first years into university.
Awesome teacher for a class I was dreading. I don't like Econ or math and he made it really easy to understand. Actually gave word for word questions from the midterms to study so easy to get a good grade. Just go to class and write the exact notes he writes for you.
Professor Tracey is a very funny guy. He is super helpful and tests are very easy. He gives exam questions in class so go to class for easy marks on the exams. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
Peter Tracey is an easy going professor, the midterms are easy, but the final can prove difficult if unprepared. Go to class, especially the review ones if you plan to skip, and then revise your notes at a later day. The final was fair, everything he taught in lecture was on the test. PREPARE FOR THAT FINAL. IT WON'T BE HARD IF YOU STUDY FOR IT.
What can you say that hasn't been said. Tracey is an Econ God.
This prof is amazing. He is clear on what he expects. Definitely go to class. He knows how to teach and I'd take his class over again and again! I can't stress enough how good he is
taken: summer '15 7 week course; goes through chapters fast - given that i took a 16 week course in 7 weeks- but even then makes sure everything is understood before moving on and loves when you ask questions. gives great lectures, tests after every ch. uses mathxl. umulative final. He knows his math!!
Amazing prof! He's here to help. He wants you to do well and his lectures are crystal clear. If you attend the lectures you will pass. GO TO THE REVIEW CLASSES. He can be really funny too but he doesn't play games when you break one of his rules. Hide your phone. Try to get into his class ASAP because the wait list usually doesn't budge.
Very interesting course with a great prof. He tought money and banking in very great way!! He does review lectures before exams ,goes over some actual exam questions and gives answers which helped out in doing well in exam and course overall. Highly recommend this course
Tracey is the best professor in the entire department. His assignments are straight forward and as long as you understand them, you will be prepared for the final. His exam prep is awesome as well, he really really tries to help. As long as you work hard and respect him, he will help you. Do yourselves a favor and take him for 357!
Professor Tracey is easily the greatest professor to learn economics from. He has an excellent spin on the typically boring content, and a vast amount of experience. If you attend class, he will ensure that you not only pass the exams, but do exceptionally well.
Tracey is the best prof and the class is very easy as long as you attend class
The best easy teacher.
Professor Tracey is a fantastic individual. If you show him respect (cell-phones off, no talking), you will succeed. Show respect and he will literally go over exam questions prior to an examination. Highly recommend.
Mr. Tracey is very good in explaining the concepts and examples in lectures!! Very clear but I don't feel that he prepares you for upcoming future things but he is decent
He explains the content extremely well and gives you answers to the exams. The assignments are not that simple, but you can look up the answers online. I read all the textbook chapters suggested before exams, but the lectures cover almost everything. He is definitely one of the best teachers I know!
His notes are important, especially his example! If you understand his examples, then you will be fine for the exams! 3 questions on the final and 1 was exactly the same on assignment and the other two were similar to his examples!
Easy A! Only two questions on midterm and 3 questions on final, he will tell you the questions are on which topics and one of the final question was exactly the same as the one on assignment, so you basically need to study for the 3 questions. You must have his notes and his examples!
Exams are easy! Only materials from his notes and he gave about 15/100 exact questions and answers for the final.
BEST PROF EVER!! all you have to do is go to class, he writes down notes for you, is extremely funny and clear and straight forward. you will not regret him. he has a reputation for being the best econ prof
I can't imagine that someone could explain better than Tracey
Very friendly; answers all questions; teaches extremely well (goes at a slow pace but covers everything very quickly). He expects students to be respectful, which is supposed to be common sense (don't talk during his class please). A lot of people say his final exam is difficult, but if you read the textbook and go to class you'll be good.
I've never had a professor who structured his notes so well. I was able to re-write all of my notes within 3 days of the final exam, so when I took the test it was essentially just an extension of the notes. I learned a ton and enjoyed myself while doing it.
The legend of Peter Tracey lives on, what a beauty! Took 203 with him and it was super easy, 303 is even easier... He's an amazing professor, you understand the concepts even before you start studying for his exams. If you're looking for a senior option take this course!! Seriously, you will not be disappointed.
Peter Tracey is an economic god. His teaching methods are excellent. He is always able to use real world examples and explains everything perfectly. He does not try to trick you on the final exam either. He is always willing to talk to you. He is the best professor I have had to date. Strongly recommend.
Despite what others may say about Peter, he is an awesome professor if you are/are not an Econ major. Extremely clear on topics, leaves plenty of time for review, and simplifies it as much as possible. Took this class previously with him and received an A (been told its one of the harder econ courses) would definitely recommend.
Best ECON203 prof by far. Great sense of humour and a wealth of wisdom. Its a shame he wont be around to teach future generations.
Really easy class! He wants you to good, and even gives away answers to the exams! His sense of humor make class much more interesting! DO TAKE class with him if you can! Awesome prof overall !
He's a good guy and wants people to learn. He makes the class material seem so easy but his final is tough stuff. 100 questions in 2 hours and it was kind of tough but not a difficult class overall.
Good if you want to get an easy A, not so good if you actually want to learn Econ. He openly admitted that he skipped chapters that other lecture sections covered.
He is the funniest prof ever! Loved his class and looking forward to take another class of his
He's great. Literally gives you answers for the exams in class.
Best professor I've had so far! Awesome taste in music and a good sense of humor! He cares whether his students learn or not. He makes the class really easy and gives hints about the final exam. Anyone in econ should take a class with him! WONDERFUL PROF!
Very kind prof w/ the capability of teaching the course material very clearly. He knows exactly what he's talking about and always asks students whether they need to ask a question or not. Not enough time is given for Midterms. ATTEND ALL LECTURES!
Tracey is great and he truly cares about you. Make sure you go to his classes because he gives you hints and midterm/ final exam questions. He is also super funny, so the class wont be boring. I would definitely recommend taking a class with him!
Super decent. My mother died and he made accommodations for me whenever I felt better, although I did not need to take them. I missed 60% of classes due to family emergencies and passed with a B, because he is kind and helped me and has compassion for others. Not prejudice, but very reasonable. Gives clues to exams in class if you attend.
best prof by far at u of c... this nigga is too easy,like you dont even have to go to class, just attend the midterm review and final review and youll be good.
Best Prof at the UofC. Clear and concise! You must attend class if you wish to do good. He is worth going to class for his humour, and teaching skills. MUST GO TO MIDTERM AND FINAL REVIEW CLASSES. He pulls questions from the exam and gives them to you. Best prof!
I wish Mr. Tracey would teach forever. He was the best prof I had in UofC. If you get a chance to take a class with him, don't even doubt it, TAKE IT!
I highly recommend Peter Tracey. He is a very clear instructor, and will provide you with excellent help if needed. Even though he seems a little cranky at times, he is actually a kind-hearted and compassionate man (You can see that through his support with his wife's love for animals). Go Tracey!!
Had Tracey for both 201 and 203. If you attend class the midterm and final won't be too bad. High recommended.
If you are an Econ major, DON'T take any courses with Tracey as he won't teach you anything but Grade 6 math. If you are looking for an easy option after taking 201 and 203, his 301 class is easier than the said courses.
Great teacher, explains concepts clearly and expectations for exams and assignments are crystal clear. Actually learn in his class
Fantastic overall, Tests are on the hard side but if you go to class, he'll prepare you for them.
Take advantage of Aplia assignments and midterm. Midterm was fair, but try and ace aplia because the Final exams for Tracey are HARD no matter how many answers he does give you, the remaining ones DO make you think a lot in two hours! Read the textbook, DO NOT SKIP Class, and STUDY!!!
Tracey is a hero
Peter Tracey was the best prof i had for my first semester of university, class attendance is mandatory but its not bad at all. He tells you questions that are on the midterm/final. I got one wrong on the midterm and 100% on aplia assignments so i basically didnt even have to study for the final and still ended up with a great mark. Gd Prof
Peter Tracey genuinely wants his students to do well. The midterm and aplia assignments- very easy. However, the final was brutal, so beware. You should be able to get your mark up high enough prior to the final though to get a decent mark in the class
Tracey is very clear on explaining concepts so you can understand it right away. His midterm was easy, but don't expect the final to be a walk in the park.
Tracey is one of the best profs on campus. You do not need the textbook to understand any of the material as his notes are very easy to follow and really well organized. He is funny and keeps the course material interesting with his social commentary.
One of the best econ teachers. Great notes and very easy to understand. He also can be funny at times
Awesome Prof! His classes are easily understandable and fun! Midterms and finals are no stress!
Really great prof if you are taking econ 201 or 203 as an easy option. He wants his students to get a good grade so he simplifies everything and uses examples almost identical as on the test. 203 is a bit harder than 201 and you actually have to study but go to class and take good notes and all will be well.
All you need to do to get an A is attend class and memorize his notes. Before midterm he gives you 8/33 questions from the exam, word for word. Ends class early, cancels it a few times, and you don't need to buy the textbook. Very funny.
Tracey is hilarious, makes class interesting and ends class early. On the other hand, I prefer more structured course material. Tracey writes all his own notes/diagrams = class mandatory & his writing is hard to read. I had Mingshan Lu for 201 and I prefered her b/c she used powerpoints and put them up online. Depends what type of learner you are.
BEST ECON PROF EVER. Gives away answers for midterm and final. Finishes classes early and finishes course material early.
I took Tracey for econ 201 and 203, by far the best prof i have ever had, if you dont like him, you will not like any professor ever, and if you think his class/tests are hard, maybe university isn't the place for you, try something a little easier because Tracey walks you through everything you need to know a hundred times over every class!!
One of the best profs I've ever had. Very entertaining, and explains concepts in an easy to understand manner. Does exact midterm and final questions prior to the test. I would strongly recommend him
He's kind of funny- not extremley funny like some of the other comments say, but his class is really easy. almost too easy...
Tracey was extremely funny! Remember to always review your notes, he gives lots of hints in your notes for the final and midterm!
Excellent prof! Take him and will be an easy A. Gives out questions from midterm and final.
Great prof. Go to lectures, he explains how to do practically every questions on the midterm and final
Peter is that MAN! Extremely funny and relates examples to interesting topics.
let me start by saying that he has an absolutely wonderful taste in music (arcade fire ftw!) secondly, he teaches very very very well...none of the concepts he discussed in lectures were difficult to understand. his notes are great, tests are fair. you have to pay attention though.
Tracey is only easy when it comes to Econ 201, every other class is hard with him. The Econ 201 midterm with him is easy BUT for every question you get wrong it's one entire grade down (1 wrong=A+, 2 wrong=A, 3 wrong=A-). Aplia is a joke, but DON'T take his final lightly. IT WAS HARD. I don't even know how I got an A, I guessed on half the test.
Tracey is awesome. He teaches the material extremely well and knows what he is talking about. He is also quite the comedian. If you listen to what he says in class the course is super easy. I don't read the textbook and am planning on finishing with an A. I highly recommend taking Econ 201 and 203 with him.
He's the best professor I had all semester. Very helpful, and his methods of teaching are great. He makes sure students are prepared for exams by giving actual questions on the exam in review classes. Great sense of humor, and very smart.
Great prof! Lets class out early and gives you answers to exam questions!
Greatest prof ever. The assignments and midterm are a cake walk, the final is tougher but not that bad. Make sure you go to class he will tell you everything you need to know for the final and the midterm. He will give you lots of questions and answers for both the final and the midterm.
Love him! So helpful, and tells you exactly what to study for. If you fail any class with him, university is not for you.
outstanding teacher
The class is challenging but Tracey makes you feel involved. Whenever the class is becoming dry he inserts his "colorful commentary" on the world news. Extremely helpful, I have taken 4 classes with this prof, and would easily recommend him for higher level econ courses. The only problem with Tracey is he does not teach 400 level courses.
best prof ever! Easiest A you will ever get
He is the best prof you can have for this class. He's not boring like most of other profs. The lectures usually begin with music, youtube or topics that are not related to economics. If you listen carefully to his lectures, and have your notes, you don't even have to use the book! I enjoy this class! and yeah...he hates cell phones:)
extremely easy to follow and understand. He makes everything crystal clear, obviously loves what he does, and he tells us a LOT of what will be on the midterm/finals.
very good prof. his notes are clear and his exams are easy.just attend his class and you will be good.
EASIEST Class ever! His midterm is very simple, and his notes are crystal clear! Never once need to look at textbook, Knows his material VERY WELL!
Best prof ever. It's like you're being taught by Santa Claus or Jesus, you just feel all safe and happy the whole time you're in class and learning stuff
Excellent prof! That's all I have to say!
awesome.
Well... He's a character. Take that anyway you want. He explains everything real clear and tells you all you need to know for the final. Come to class, hear him speak and you won't be disappointed.
Excellent work Tracey!
GOOD!
Tracey really tried to make the somewhat boring content interesting, and he was actually very funny. Hearing a man his name reference tommy lee and kid rock for examples is priceless. Very fair and midterm was a joke, final was a bit tougher, but if you go to the lectures he gives you a bunch of answers that were on it.
Took 201 and 203 with Tracey...I can't say enough good about him! So funny, often has "social commentary"..like about "the home"..hahah I just love him. Assignements are easyy 100% every time, midterm very easy, final was fair.Makes material super easy to learn. Review classes are VERY helpful-gives you answers straight from exam!
Tracey is a real good prof. He does the notes you need to know on the overhead and keeps it pretty easy to understand. Midterm is real easy, Aplia assignments easy as well. Final is a bit hard but as long as u can get the basic concepts down you'll be fine. Make sure he go to his review classes, he literally gives u the answers to direct questions
Class is pretty knowledgeable and when things get dull, he tells a joke every now and then to liven up the crowd. Gives away midterm/final exam questions verbatim. Quite useful when you need those marks! Recommended for 201/203!
Great course, covering lots of different topics. Great instructor, who marks assignments and tests quickly. Truly cares about his student's success in his course!
Terrific prof! I highly recommend. Make sure you study hard for final - rather hard
He is the best teacher I have ever had. He makes everything funny and you learn everything you need to know.
Mr. Tracey is an awesome professor. This class with other profs is really challenging. He warns that the final is hard, but if you study well, it's really not too bad. Harder than some of his other courses, econ 341 with tracey is your best bet if you have to take this finance course.
He is a great prof, lets you know whats going to be on the exam, very friendly, plays music in class, overall good guy!
Tracey is a God!! He should run for P.M, Harper did!!
Tracey is king of ECON. Just go to class and know the graphs he makes. I cannot say it enough, just know the graphs. Easy midterm and final, he only tests a couple things and tells you well in advance
Wow might be the best prof I've ever had in 3 years of University. Everything is very clear, precise and best of all it actually makes sense. Miss a class? No problem, just look at the text because it's almost exactly the same. Class wasn't even 50 minutes once entire semester. Exams are quite easy.
Awsome prof!! " Does Anyone wish to ask a question"?? hahahahaha :D
Don't buy the text book. Don't bother even looking at it in the bookstore. His notes are completely straight forward. Prof Tracey is one of those profs that just know how to teach. A remarkable thing to find. Class isn't too long, he usually lets you out early. Write down the notes (which means come to class) and you'll be fine.
One of the best prof's I've ever had. He is very clear as to what to expect on his tests and assignments. He even helped me with questions I had from another course. He's a nice prof and person, for he really cares about his students.
Awsome Prof! Knows his stuff well! Gives alot of midterm and final hints and ACTUAL questions! Always lets you out of class early! Recommended!!!
Just a great all around teacher. He really wants his students to learn the material and do well. A great prof to have, makes a boring class fun
excellent
I am not really interested in Economics but after I took this course it sparked my interest. Peter Tracey is one of the greatest profs and one of the greatest people I have ever met at the University of Calgary. He is an outstanding guy and he makes the material in the classes understandable. I recommend him to anybody.
A little crotechy, but funny once you get used to him. Teaches very clearly, and his notes are wonderful. Grades fairly, and makes sure test and assignment questions are fair. Great prof.
He says what needs to be said as clearly as possible. As a bitter, old man, his dry sense of humour isi pretty entertaining. I definitely recommend him.
Tracey is hands down the best econ prof at UC. His tests are fair (and easy), he explains things very well albeit slowly and we always got out of class early. Take him if you can!!
Tracey's the man now, dog.
Piece of cake, and that was my very undoing...i passed the course but not with the mark i wanted. Online Assignments are piece of cake if u read ur notes...His midterm/FInal which i didnt study for both was the part i went wrong becuase i thought the class would be a sinch. But if u want a good MARK, atleast review crap and dont do what i just did.
Very funny old man. His lectures howevers get really boring when he repeats stuff over and over again. From the other hand, less to study for on the test. Assignment is just a joke, so is the midterm (2 sa questions). If you wanna get a good grade on a 300-level course, I recommend him.
SO HILARIOUS! Funny examples. Test is straight forward from class and textbook! Great econ prof. Nice guy and funny. Knows his stuff!
Amazingly great prof. Hilarious, manages to get things done clearly and quickly. Tracey's stories are great, too.
"If J.Lo wants to buy CDs at $5, and P.Diddy wants them for $2, what is their total consumer surplus if the price is set at $3?"
Hes an awsome man, great teaching skills and very funny...brings life to economics
Easy untill it comes to the final, then he will massacar you. Great prof, but while he believes everything you need is in the notes, you will need to read the book and know how to work everything forwards and backwards. He likes to ask questions backwards so you will need a thorough understanding of the concepts but the test will still make you cry
being the ones who do it with models, economists should look up to the man who perfected the straight line without a straight edge...my hero...
Peter was, and is the best professor i ever had. He explains the most complex concepts in the clearest way, and make sure all of his students have a chance to learn. He genuinely cares about his students, which is rare in University
Super easy grades as long as you go to class, and pay attention when he says you need to know something.
Easiest class ever, i studied for 2 hours--did 2 old past exams--final was 70% identical and ended up getting A-.
Very good prof. He is clear, concise, and straight forward as far as lectures and exams are concerned.
This is the Prof. you want for these courses!!! He is great.
Great course and Peter Tracey is the best professor in the department. Cares a lot about his students, is very helpfull and no surprises on the exams.
Best Prof EVER!!!! I mean come on, becker is just no good
The best prof I have ever had. Funny, knowlegable and a very good teacher. If he liked the Flames I would consider being this guys friend.
Peter Tracey is hands down the best prof ever. His jokes ARE funny ... any prof that jokes about J-LO dumping P Diddy is awesome. If you don't do well in that class it's your own fault - not his!
If you put a little effort in and actually study, you'll get guaranteed A's. Unlike other profs, he actually goes over things slowly to make certain you understand and doesn't leave you going Um...help
Bashes the Calgary Flames ad nausiem.
Best professor in the department. Clear, concise, and doesn't act like a violent lunatic while lecturing.
Explains the material well and very fair
One of best professors in the department. No worries about not passing the course unless you really really don't study. Knows what he is taking about.
He may get critiqued cause his class is too easy but the only reason for this is cause he takes time to explain things in a clear manner. He WANTS you to learn and that makes all the difference.
love Tracey. clear clear!! the best prof. in the U of C
Prof. Tracey is NOT a dumb ass!
He is not allowed to be retired!!
He is very very good. Good teaching skills. Unbelievable.
Dr Tracey is awesome!!
Hope he doesn't retire soon.I still want to take many more ECON classes from him
Loves to make fun of the flames
He's a good guy
The highlight of my day. Hilarious, clear, concise, gifted professor.
excellent prof., makes material very easy to comprehend :)
Clear, concise, simple, legible notes! Why make life complicated?!?
Great guy. All material that's on exams are covered in the lectures.
Goes slow and explains a lot.Always says what will be on tests. :o)
Good dude
This guy is very clear and is concise. Tests are easy if u do old exams.
Jim Dugan was a great professor. He knows his theatre history, he knows how to teach. His class was one of my favourites.
I want to get one thing straight... Dr. Street is an awesome professor. If you are an idiot and you make stupid comments, then yes, she will bash you horribly. I go an A in both of the classes I took, and I would take her again. She isnt very clear with assigments, but if you ask her before of after class she will help. Awesome teacher. Easy A
Probably the best teacher i have ever had. she is very nice, but if you are dumb she will tear you apart. if you can write a four page paper once in a while you will do fine. never had to take a test, just wrote 5 short papers. would take her again if i could!!!
if you put in the effort, you will learn more from nancy than any other professor at this college. i can't say enough about her.
Professor Fanning is super sweet. The class has a few papers along with inclass tests but she really just grades on the effort you show. Just share your opinion in your paper and she'll give you an A. Participate in class and she'll love you. So so nice. Cancels class often. Class never goes the entire time. Don't hesitate to take a class with her.
Sweetest professor, easy class, cancels class often, always gets out of class early
Love her!!! She is so helpful and actually cares about her students. No tests, 4 papers. I wish I could take her for all my SOC classes. I highly recommend her!
Prof. Fanning is a little odd, but she is very nice and jokes around a lot with my class. She is a pretty easy and fair graders. Gives a lot to read but you don't even have to read because she lectures on what you were suppose to read. I don't find her lectures to boring because I love history. Always lets my class out early and cancels often.
Dr. Fanning is very dull, but a really easy professor. Her lectures drag on and on and on. Make sure you show up to class on time, she hates when people show up late or leave class. Short essays due every week, a few 20+ minute presentations, and a 10 page research paper. Overall, not a bad class; just really hard to sit through
She's so funny, and is a great teacher!Although she assigned my class 4 books and lots of readings, I've never read and I'm getting an A. My class told her to provide scans and handouts from the books instead of requiring students to buy them for next semester. For a writing intensive seminar, I can't believe how little we had to write!!
I LOVED HER CLASS.SHE MAKES CLASS FUNNY AND INTERESTING. SHE LAUGHS AT HER OWN JOKES(which are not always funny). She takes attendance everyday. In her class there are 3 paper and ONLY 3 test. She is willing to help any one who needs it. SHE GIVES LOTS OF EXTRA CREDIT WORK, SO DO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT OPPORTUNITY. I recommend her all the way!
She is amazing. Very understanding and helpful. Yes, she is quiet but will speak up if you ask her to. Tests are fairly easy because she prepares you for them, and the essays are pretty easy as long as u do the assignment and show some enthusiasm for it. I highly suggest you take her if you have the opportunity.
Easy class and a nice person but talks so softly that I could never hear her.
I have taken her for 4 courses. she is by far one of the best profs here at bsc. she has a great personality and is easy to talk to. you should definately take her at some point
one of the nicestest teachers that i have ever had,easy to talk to, makes assignmesnt and every thing very clear to understand, the class has 4 shortessays, 5 tests and thats it the tests r easy, there is not a lot of notes, mainly class discussions, u dont even fell like u learn nething, but u do
best teacher here at bsc. helpful and funny with dry wit.
Really good, really nice.
she is one of the best profs here at bsc. she teaches well and is willing to help her students out. she is also funny which makes class more enjoyable! im taking a couple of courses with her next semester and i am looking forward to it! i
An awesome teacher. She tests you on what she teaches, and has an awesome personality. Go to every class, take good notes and you'll get an A. Shes the reason I chose to major in Soc!
Fanning is the best soc. teacher that i have ever had! she is a very clear and understandable teacher, and her tests are very easy and she grades fair. she loves to teach and it shows
I've had her for many class. She is a great teacher and loves what she does. Fanning is also a fair grader.
can't go wrong with her! great soc teacher
very nice, fair
Amazing professor but very old school. NO TECHNOLOGY AT ALL!!!! Quizzes every single class on what you learned the previous class - you have to print out the quiz papers as well. Class is hard as it is but he is a good professor - very knowledgeable. I would take him again
Professor Barrett is different from any other teachers I had. His class is challenging, but you won't regret taking it. Authenticity and passion for education are what define this man.
Amazing professor! He's old school but that never really interfered w class. He was caring and wanted to know his students, just talk to him about anything. The test were difficult and hard to gauge how well you did. Study PowerPoints and practice test and you'll do fine. He knows it's a hard class but is willing to help if you ask.
Dr. Barrett is a great professor. He is thorough in his lectures and is willing to stay after class to help students. Stats is a hard class, but he does his best to make it easier by staying after class and lowering the grading scale just a little bit for all students. Only grades the entire year are daily quizzes and tests. No homework.
Dr. Barrett really cares about his students. He has a few rules and is strict on them, but if you can not follow simple rules like no hats, no laptops, and no phones, then you really should not be in college to begin with. If you follow his rules and go to class he is awesome. He teaches concepts in multiple ways and is very accessable.
Dr. Barrett is my favorite prof so far. He obviously cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Changed the grading scale to help those who did badly on tests. Daily quizzes, but they're meant to help your grades. Stats is hard, but taking it with Dr. Barrett is probably the most enjoyable way.
Dr. Barrett is strict when it comes to being on your phone or laptop and strict about wearing hats or hoods in class. However, some of the things he says are downright hilarious, and I don't mind waking up to hear him talk at 8 am. Stats is a hard class, but he makes it as enjoyable as could be.
Dr. Barrett has been one of my favorite professors at Alabama so far. He is old-school but super funny and engaging with his students. We normally have a daily quiz (sometimes its an attendance sheet) which affect your grade but he drops the lowest scores. He posts a practice exam before the test which is almost the same as the real one.
Class is hard but Bruce is so nice and very funny. He keeps class interesting and engaging. You can tell he is a very good person
I struggle with Stats. I have taken Gray, (he may no longer be teaching stats, haven't looked tbh) and Casselman before taking Professor Barrett. Each of those professors are fine, but they don't have what Professor Barrett has, a genuine care for each and every student. Quizzes every class. The study guides he gives are the exact thing. THE BEST!
Dr. Barrett is so knowledgeable about the topics, and he presents them in a way thats applicable to the real world. He gave practice exams that were exactly like the actual ones. He really cares about his students! He made an effort to talk to everyone before class started during the whole semester.
BB is an amazing professor! ST 260 is a difficult class, to begin with, but Dr. Barrett does try his hardest to make sure you learn everything you need! You HAVE to go to class or you will fail. He is a great professor and a great person in general. 12/10 recommend.
Pop quizzes every day, but he spends lots of time making class funny and fun. He is a good man that cares about his students. He curves the final and final grade. He is a really good person and shares his faith, which I respect.
One of the nicest men I've ever known. He is a good Christian man, and wants to use his faith to help others. I have never had a professor care more about students than he does. His class may be hard, but he is funny and makes class enjoyable. His tests are curved and so is his final grade.
Dr. Barrett is a fantastic professor. The material is difficult for those who have little experience with statistics beforehand but he makes the course entertaining and knows theres more to life than stats. He is not ashamed of his beliefs but I believe he does a great job of seeing both sides and is quick to admit when he sees he is wrong.
Great professor for a difficult class. Quiz every class but they aren't difficult and end up helping your grade by the end of the semester, sometimes will even give you free 100s on them. Take plenty of notes when he's doing the test review, it's very similar to the test he'll give.
One of my favorite professors so far. He is very old fashioned (no phones or hats) and makes you work for an A. St 260 is definitely a weed-out class for the business school but Barrett does a great job of making it interesting with fun graphs and stories. If you show up, work hard, and go for help if needed you will be fine. Really shows he cares.
Dr. Barrett is by far my favorite professor that I have taken at this school. ST260 is a hard class but if you show him that you are putting in effort (visiting office hours, staying after class to ask questions) he will be more willing to help. Also- if you need to take ST260 over the summer, take Dr. B! He was the best!
TOO GOOD!
This class is not easy, but Dr. Barrett is awesome and makes the course as doable as possible in my opinion. He is very interesting and will be sure to keep you entertained in class. I would most definitely recommend him for Stats 260 at UA.
Dr. Barrett is definitely the professor to take for stats. He is a genuinely nice person, and will give you fair treatment if you actually give effort. Doesn't take BS excuses, so don't even try. Daily quizzes, notes on elearning, non-cumulative final, and he gives practice exams. Explains the material thoroughly, and answers any questions.
Bitter-sweet class.. great teacher, miserable subject material. really enjoyed that he broke the lectures up with an off-topic rant in his attempt to pull everyone back in that had dozed off. Very intellegent guy with some very useful insight. ATTENDANCE IS A MUST. Don't recommend it at 8am though.
He's a great Stats teacher and wants his students to learn the subject and apply it to daily life. He's big on respect like no hats or phones in class. Never cracked open my book, and BEST advice, Go to the review session if Bret Vitrano is still there!
Dr. Barrett is a great teacher. Uses the first 2-3 classes to set the standard for his class. He's big on respect. Teaches well & doesnt move on unless he thinks his point is clear. Helpful for sure. Recommend to anyone. ONLY downside of the class the book was never used so if I did it all over I wouldnt purchase the book. Dr. Barrett is a YES!!!!
Phenomenal teacher. By the end of the year, I looked forward to his class because he made me laugh so hard. Best 260 teacher there is. Make sure you go to class and take the daily quiz, that saved my grade a lot. Overall great teacher and truly has a passion for what he teaches, which is rare these days...
Great professor. If you have to take stat this is your best option.
Dr. Barrett is a fantastic teacher!He is very conservative and really interesting to listen to.He tries to make statistics interesting to his students by relating it to real life situations. DO NOT BUY THE BOOK.He puts his notes online.Tests were reasonable and quizzes are there to increase ur grade so GO TO CLASS!
Dr Barrett is a wonderful professor. ST 260 is a BORING class, but Barrett makes it entertaining. Just go to class and review your notes. He gives pop quizzes mainly for attendance. He never takes anything out of the book, so don't even bother buying it. THe software you need for the one hw he gives is in Bashinsky.
Most moral and ethical person I have ever met...I think he should be our next President! He makes stats relevant to all his students and gets to know everyone in the class. He is the best teacher I have had so far by a landslide!
A Very Nice Man...His test can be hard but, study hard and you'll do okay! Learned a lot from his class! Go to Class though!
A Very Nice Man...His test can be hard but, study hard and you'll do okay! Learned a lot from his class! Go to Class though!
Dr. Barrett is a cool cat. He is very down earth and loves what he does. The class is straight to the point and so are the test.
Greatest ever
He is a great professor! I'm not even majoring in business, yet he made the material interesting to me. He helps you understand the material by giving you everyday examples that you can identify with. His practice tests really help prepare you for the actual tests, which aren't that hard as long as you keep up with the material. Take him!
I'm a pretty big liberal but he's one of the coolest Republicans I know.
Top notch teacher, not boring at all, excellent communicator; class requires thinking and learning (not just memorization), very refreshing.
One of the best teachers on campus. Whoever rated lowly must be smoking crack.
Awesome professor!! Don't expect to BS your way through though, he is a very intelligent individual and knows what he is talking about. Do NOT think he is kidding when he tells you that you need to read the text book for the tests....it is very pertinent that you read ALL of the material assigned.
excellent teacher, incredibly intelligent, knows everything there is to know about poli sci, tests aren't impossible but don't expect an easy A, if you are narrow minded you won't enjoy him, lectures are very interesting, never missed a class, dont' be late
VERY thorough; I liked his teaching style and taught with a sort of Socratic style. Lots of open discussion and banter between students and himself. I recommend him, but not if you expect something for nothing.
Professor Moore is the most caring professor I have ever had. He really wants what is best for his students. He is extremely nice and the course work was very easy to manage.
Great professor, great guy with lots of humor. He's very caring, light grader, also very easy on due dates. If you show up to class, turn in your work on time, and communicate with him, you will totally succeed.
Best teacher ever. he is so sweet and really cares and helps you!
James Moore is one of the best I have ever met in life. He is open, caring, and understands if you are struggling in or out of school. Listening to him is so interesting, he is very wise. TAKE him if you can. This class is impossible to fail, even if it isn't a requirement take him, you will not regret it. Easily the best professor I've had.
Professor Moore is truly one of my favorite professors I've ever had. He is the most caring and understanding man - he genuinely wants everyone to feel comfortable with public speaking. Class was some homework assignments from info in the book (super easy) and then two speeches. If you can, take him - especially if public speaking isn't your fav!
Professor Moore is an absolute angel. I had many personal and medical setbacks this semester and he was by far one of the most understanding people I talked to about it. His class is easy and interesting, as well as very helpful and confidence boosting. He learned how to run a hybrid course very well which is very difficult!
Professor Moore was my favorite professor this semester. He reminds you of your grandfather. He is very easy to reach outside of class and sincerely cares about his students. If you're struggling with anything inside or outside of the class, he is there to help you and it's clear that he wants to help. Light work load too.
Took him for literature for elementary ed majors and loved the class. we read mostly short stories, poetry and plays from one text book which i got an ebook for for under $25. its important that you share your ideas and speak up in class. overall great professor, very kind and not an overwhelming amount of reading or work
I took Public Speaking with Moore and I liked him because he's a nice guy. He's quirky and knew that everyone would be nervous to be presenting. He's super lenient with deadlines, the midterm was a take-home, and the final was optional.
Jim is awesome and genuinely cares about his students. He has group projects and honestly its an easy A
He is one of my favorite teacher in BSU. Professor Moore is very kind and easy grader. I learned a lot from his class and highly satisfied about my final grade. Don't hesitate, just apply quickly for his COMM 102 class if it still have empty seats
Very clear grading process, easy A if you show effort. Highly recommend taking Public Speaking with Professor Moore! The textbook was never used in class; only used for the midterm!
Professor Moore is a really nice guy and really cares about his students, TV Studio Production is the class I looked forward to most in my schedule, its the easiest class I've taken so far in my college career, if you need to take COMM 215 take it with Moore and you'll love it.
public speaking is a dreaded class and he knows it! he makes it really easy, and comfortable to speak in front of! 3 group speaking project were super easy and 2 individual speeches! he is a very easy grader and is really easy on pushing project back! overall a really caring and understanding man!
He's a great professor. Do the work ON TIME and you'll pass. I don't understand why it was so hard for people to just do the work. You have 1 self intro, 2 group projects (story and pitch), 2 speeches (informational and persuasive), 1 midterm which is all book. If you get good grades on those you don't have to do the final exam. Hes a lovely man.
Professor Moore is the absolute best teacher to take for comm102. He will help you in any way possible with your speeches if you ask. He is a VERY generous grader and one of the nicest people ever. He genuinely cares so much about students his passing. If you have the opportunity to take a class with him, take it.
For a hands-on class like TV Production, Jim makes the class easy enough to understand. You may not leave the class knowing everything there is to know, but you'll have a decent knowledge of how most things work. Jim's very supportive and will ask you if you learned anything from class. Tell him what you're going for and he can offer advice.
This is a public speaking class. He gives out no homework, and truly understands the role of students. Instead of him dictating the whole class, he interacts with us and sees what WE want. He also cancels class a lot, but due to us not needing to do anything. This course is still information packed and well worth it. 100% reccomend.
Prof. Moore is a great guy and he knows what he's talking about. I had him for public speaking, which is a class many dread, but he didn't take the class too seriously, and it was enjoyable and easy to get through for everyone. If you have to take public speaking, take it with him!
He is the greatest professor at BSU! He really cares about his students and he is one of the very few professors I consider a friend outside of school, it says a lot when you consider your professor a great friend. I feel like he can teach you so much about not only the class but just life in general, he is beyond amazing!
Professor Moore was amazing! He was super helpful and really cared about his students. Since we only met once a week class is mandatory!! If you need to take TV production I highly recommend
He's an amazing professor. I wasn't sure if I was on the right path about what I wanted to do, but he pulled me aside once and told me the I had the potential to be great and to keep it up. He definitely reignited the spark. He's funny, knowledgeable, straightforward with what he wants and wants you to succeed and do your best.
He's my favorite professor at BSU, he knows his stuff and he will help you in any way that he can. Plus, he's wicked funny.
Definitely take his course!! There are notes you have to take from the book, but it's light work compared to other classes. It's very hands-on and fun, and he understands if you're late or have printer trouble or anything like that.
Super nice professor! Great class to get hands on experience in a control room. A very relaxed environment. The class overall is very easy; show up and do the VERY minimal work given and you'll get an A. Attendance is mandatory, but it's okay if you're a little late to class. Definitely recommended!
This man is beyond passion. Funny, smart, and talented professional- in a field that keeps being re-invented every month in software. He tries harder than any professor I've ever known. I've never seen him turn a student down for anything. He has helped me in the most trying of times. He listens. He's a cool customer that you can learn a lot from.
Easy TV prod class. Really helpful. Funny, easy grader, overall good class. do the work, show up, get an easy A.
Jim is THE BEST Comm teacher in the entire school. He is friendly, easy-going, and really knows what he's talking about. You'll be hands-on with the equipment from day one. Just go in with a good attitude, and he'll return it in kind.
Awesome professor can't wait to have another class with him.
Jim Moore is great. He is very compassionate and truly cares about his students.
He's great. Very helpful and just a great person. Do all the work. It's not hard and it's all very helpful.
Really great guy, you learn alot hands on which is great and he is very reasonable and humble! He is one of the best teachers I've ever had!If you want to learn and have fun learning this is the professor to take!
Definitely the man to take for any TV class
What an awsome professor!!! He is one of the best, caring, professors I have ever had. He challenges you to think for yourself. He'll give you "polish pointers", too. To call this professor a friend by the end of semester says a lot about him! Take ANY class he teaches! A+++
really open to ideas that you develop. also really helpful in developing your ideas and fine-tuning them, as well. more hands-on approach as opposed to learning from the book, though doing some book work helps your end grade. if you've taken intro to tv production, take intro to videography
Jim Moore rocks. plain and simple.
he's such a cool guy. i even started to think about changing my major as Biology...hihi
awesome guy! really good with helping students
Easy work load, creativity and minimal effort will help you get an A.
An inspiration. Though perhaps a little too optimistic that he would make a difference in getting people to think for themselves (then again I'd cope the same way), his method of teaching it was far better than my own, and his willingness to try given the odds is admirable as the vast majority of you will never appreciate his message.
I had this professor back in 1997. He is one of very few professors (can count on one hand) that actually made a difference in my college education, that i remember almost 10 years later. He teaches you how to be an indepedent thinker and he gets right down to the important things in life.
I love Dr. McCutch. He has opened my eyes to a whole new world and is the best professor at TSU. He challenges you everyday. I learned more from him than I learned in my whole life. He taught me to become a person.
He is the best, THE BEST. Its quite a shame he is retiring soon. Notes are everything, so pay attention! He is always available for help. Laugh at his jokes!
Notes, notes, NOTES!: they are everything... Don't even buy the book.
Great guy! Really cares about student and wants them to learn. He is hard of hearing and you must shout at him if you have a question. If you go to every class he raises your final grade two grades! Open note tests and goes over everything that will be on the test in class in detail! I highly recomend.
I had Prof Auslander for Manegerial Finance and he is the best teacher ive ever had! He is very old, hard of hearing and talks very slow but your a business major then i encourage you to take this teacher because he is very interesting and knows what he is talking about. Open note tests and a garunteed A as long as you pay attention
Very clear, very knowledgable. His tests and homework are fairly easy. The only negative thing is his attendence policy. Otherwise you should definitly take him.
loved him :)
Dont let his looks and personality fool you. Very laid back. Knows his stuff. A great teacher who likes to save his students money. Many years of pratical experience in the world of finance.
He's a very nice professor who gives open note exams and easy assignments!
He saves students money by making books optional and eliminating the need to purchase special $50 financial calculators. Very lenient. Weak jokes, but laugh at them and that will make his day! not dreading it like i would most other finance courses.
he is the smartest sea turtle
He's the cutest, nicest old man!
Dr. Shoaf is helpful and she knows her stuff. She wants you to do well and gives many opportuities to improve your grade
Took this for the core humanities. I had a few years of high school Spanish so the class was relatively easy. We do classwork with partners every day so get used to that. She is easily the hottest professor I've seen on campus.
I regret that she won't be teaching spanish 2 next semester because she's awesome and a really fair and funny teacher. I HATE spanish but I <3 Prof. Shoaf. She's the hottest spanish teacher at BSC! Ow!
Very spunky, beautiful, motivated, all around great professor
very hot and cool will pass you if you try
Muy bonita, hilarious. Smartest blonde I know. Very physically active and a great type-A personality.
Funny woman, great stories. Fairly easy grader
He is one of the best professors. He is very caring everyone and gave a lot of feedback of your homework, and he would give some extra credits to help you to raise your grades. He is very nice and he listens to students. He really likes to help students even out of this class. He is very serious professor, he just want you to understand totally.
Cute AND fun.
An excellent instructor. A professional who isn't full of himself. Very refreshing.
DY is the hottest 47 year old ever!!! He has high expectations for all of his students. He is an awesome professor!
Most excellent.
DY is amazing. he is funny, intelligent, witty, and the best choral director I have ever worked with. This man is also the hottest 48 year old I know. He is my mentor and I greatly admire his musical knowledge and expertise.
dy is a great teacher. notto mention he is ****ing hott! ps whomever said he is not great and made them have a lower outlook on the music program is just talking ****. all of the full time faculty members know what they are doing especially dy. he is almost god because he knows everything. and dont ever try to lie to him... he will find out!
I <3 DY!
DY is a hottie and I love him
WE MISS YOU DY!!! Hurry back!
Dy is wicked hott!!! take his class just for his looks if not for the content!! he is handsome!! He challenges his students but will help you when you ask. a very brilliant man, he knows what he is talking about. I love him to death, by far my favorite professor.
Sexy, Smart, Powerful......what more could you want in a man!
DY is a great professor who challenges his students and has a great rapport with his students. And for the record, he's a really cute professor. :)
I've had DY for a lot of classes over the past 4 years. A brilliant conductor in chorale/chambers, he challenges the choir to be great. In theory/forms, difficult but definitely a great professor. Loves what he does and is always willing to help. Be ready to work hard, he expects a lot.
TOO HOT TO TROT! Break me off a piece of that music man!
DY is very passionate about his work. He pushes you to your limits and ultimately gets the best possible sound out of the class. he is a very nice man and he is very helpful. He is also attractive!
Every course he teaches pushes you to your limit and he doesn't put up with anyone not working to their potential. Obviously passionate about his work. The man knows EVERYTHING!
I love DY!!!! We need more fiesty people like him working on this campus
exceptional
DY is a great teacher who challenges his students, but also gives them every opportunity for extra help. He is by far the best teacher in the Music department.
Dy is what they call him. He is a fantastic musician and I have learned a lot from him. But the drama has to end;its so childish. There is a line that every professor should never cross and he is well over that line. MYOB!
To the lap dog (Greg?): He's a hard teacher, but a good one. He does play favourites though; you have to admit. P.S. I got A's in all of his classes and I still think so.
Dr. Young is a good teacher and enjoys what he does. He does pick favorites, but he respects everyone. He is a great organist, but a terrible singer! (you should hear him in choir, singing along with us, I can't stand it!) Overall, I give him a B.
He's great. He knows his subject and teaches very well, but he does play favorites and participates in his students' gossip. - and I was in the inner circle!
Challenging teacher who pushes his students...espects them to work to their maximum potential. I have great respect for him as a person and a professor.
To: the person with nothing better to do than write untrue things because they are JEALOUS. From: the lap dog . You should have focused your time and energy into doing work for Dr Young's class instead of writing those petty comments. Grow the f up.
Diggity is a cool dude with a hip personality. He ain't nothin. You bettah don't think he's not the coolest teahcer here!
I've had him for several classes. Music dept would be nothing without him. Great professor, great guy, great musician. Be prepared to be insulted...he always joking though. He will tease you, but it makes things interesting. wish he taught everything.
Great sense of humor, has a great personality, and definitely knows his stuff. He's taught a few my classes as a sub, and he seems tough, but fair and a very good instructor. Only warning: He's not for those that can't take some friendly teasing. =)
Everything about this guy is awesome!
best teacher/musician ever
Great teacher, if you follow the notes and read the book for the quizes you will be fine. He is very understanding if you have to miss. Lets you make up anything you miss. Again Great teacher!!!
Always be there for his class to take notes. That is what helps you most on your major exams. Your book and the myhistory lab is very important in this class. (DO STUDY GUIDES IN MYHISTORY LAB...VERY HELPFUL!!!!) Very fun, humerous teacher. He made history seem very interesting!
I LOVE this guy!!!You do have to WORK to get good grades, but sheesh, this IS college! At least he makes it fun. Great sense of humor! I prefer him for future classes!!!
I love him at first you wont be you will later!
He's too smart for Tarleton! j/k His classes are so enjoyable, I have yet to be bored during any lecture... those who don't like him apparently don't like to be challenged.
Good - knows his stuff.
Such a nice woman. And so very helpful! I would suggest her to anyone!
Great teacher. Cares about personal abilities and knows each student's capabilities with voice. Really helped me with my singing voice, as it is my major! Knew exactly what i needed and really helped with my audition! HIGHLY reccomended!
You probably ARE a tenor if she thinks you are. She has an incredible amount of musical knowledge, but gets a little wrapped up in her own singing at times.
My favorite teacher at college so far!! He loved getting everyone involved in the class. He brought our class so close together that none of us were uncomfortable talking in front of one another. He is very enthusiastic about communications, he loves his job, and he's absolutely fantastic at it! Take him if you can! If I can, I'm going to!
i honestly LOVE Dr. Litvin! he is not only helpful but he really gets the class involved in group discussion and makes you feel really comfortable. i had him for interpersonal communications and i will def try to take another course by him before graduation. he is also in charge of internships for the communications dept and lets people know email!
Fantastic Teacher. I often leave class still thinking about the things he said. He asks challenging questions and makes his students stretch. Also, he is really funny and wears great ugly sweaters in the winter. Really fun teacher
Prof. Litvin is the nicest Prof. at BSC. I found the class to be very interesting. Sitting in a circle,you get to know each of your classmates. The three speeches required for this course will improve your self-confidence immensely. You feel as though you are among friends. Thank you, Prof. Litvin!!
Litvin is the man. Such a good guy and is one of the few professors with a personality.
What a nice guy. This class is so easy and I've learned so much. All you need to do is talk about your life, friends, your family. You know-- "participate". I can't believe how many people don't enjoy this class...
I have had Dr. Litvin for multiple classes, and he is my favorite professor. Once you get used to him, you'll love him. He wants nothing more than for his students to leave his classroom having learned something.
I hate speaking infront of people, but they was he designed the assignments i got over it quickly.
Professor Stavish is a unique professor who goes above and beyond in class. She is a tough one but if you pay attention, you'll be fine!
Carol is definitely a tough teacher It was really refreshing to see someone take fine arts so seriously and passionately. She is a bit disorganized and attendance is mandatory but if you tell her in person she'll excuse your absence. She is definitely opionated so not for the weak-willed and she will make you perform so get ready to be dramatic.
Carol is hilarious. She is very opinionated, but it is refreshing compared to professors who dance around their ideas of the world. College is about learning new viewpoints, and I greatly enjoy listening to hers, even if I dont agree with it. Her classes are tough but you will learn a lot. Love Carol!!!
Fine Arts App one month each with 3 different teachers. Carol was fun , do the weekly projects and watch your attendance and you'll pass with ease.
Amazing teacher! Always has the class entertained with whatever she has planned for us to do. Wish there was more classes of hers I could take because I would be there again!
Projects are time consuming and you can expect vocab quizes. THAT ASIDE this teacher is HYSTERICAL and a great person! While her projects are time consuming they are fun if you invest yourself and she is always willing to help. She doesnt like excuses but if you own a mistake she is very lenient. She doesnt give A's easily but if you work hard...
Amazing professor. Teaches you so much. She is a hoot!
This teacher is great! Some of the non majors that take her think that her classes are hard but they are not even that bad.
I like the class, it was always a class you could go to and you know that you will be able to think outside the box, instead of only in the box like we were taught in school
Although a very hard teacher, he teaches the material very well. He is very crabby and unsocial, but still a great teacher no the less.
Nicest professor. Every meeting and lecture was meaningful and so fun. Her assignments were clear and she gave such insightful feedback. She really wants to see her students thrive. Posts recorded lectures and sometimes got a little bit behind on posting them but it didn't interfere with anything and she is so apologetic. Met once a week.
Dr. Johnson is now my favorite professor in the psych department. She handled the COVID-19 transition to online learning SO WELL. Even though she had her hands full and was apprehensive about it, she gave us updates as soon as she could. She even provided narrated PowerPoints for a better online experience. Such a knowledgeable, caring, professor.
Do the assignments, participate in class, and show up, you'll get an A. She's an amazing professor and extremely knowledgeable. I took her for Social Psych & Child Psych, wish I could take all of my classes with her.
Prof. Johnson is passionate and enthusiastic about the material she teaches. Her methods evolve as the content changes - it's always current and relevant. She communicates with the students, answers all emails, and provides useful and instructive feedback. There is a lot about developmental psychology that I disagree with, but she kept me engaged.
Prof Johnson is the best professor Ive had so far. She is super sweet and gives you ridiculous amounts of extra credit opportunities. posts the readings so you dont even need to buy the book. She is lecture heavy but she teaches very well and is very organized
really nice. quizzes are a bit complicated. but she's super caring.
I think Dr. Johnson is an amazing professor, despite many of the negative reviews. She cares deeply about creating a student and teacher relationship, encourages class discussions, and helps you understand the material when you question something. Tests are straight forward as long as you study and pay attention in class
She is the sweetest woman ever. She cares so much about each student, and knows the material very well. She lets you know what is expected of you right from the start. She does have a strict no phone and laptop policy that she enforces constantly. She is a fair grader, and her tests are super easy as long as you pay attention and take solid notes.
Dr. Johnson is a MUST for any psych course. She makes learning so easy and her passion for psych makes it all worth it. She's super understandable and willing to work with you if you speak up. She posts the text pages online so you don't really need the book. A bit unorganized but nothing unmanageable. Highly recommend taking a course with her!
She's very knowledgeable and enthusiastic, and her lectures are engaging and easy to pay attention to. You have to study for her tests, but they aren't particularly difficult. Work load is manageable. She is incredibly caring about her students and is happy to provide extra help outside of class. I have nothing negative to say about Dr. Johnson.
Dr. Johnson is a very sweet person and I learned a lot from her class. She's always engaging with her students and enjoys when students give their own input and experiences. Her tests are easy as long as you take advantage of the study guides she gives you, then you'll do fine! Always willing to help students and lectures are helpful and relevant
Prof. Johnson is such a kind person and teacher! If you pay attention, take notes and read you'll ace the class. I enjoyed her lectures because she always related it to real life. She's always there for her students for any questions and wants you to succeed. I wish I could have her for all my psych courses!
Absolutely amazing. Hands down my favorite professor. Passionate, understanding, and very helpful. Read your book well and listen to lectures and you can get an A.
She is such an amazing professor! Definitely one of my favorites at BSU. She loves what she teaches and it makes you want to learn, I look forward to taking her again.
Nicest professor in the world. Such a sweetheart, really nice with her class. Always makes you feel like you are doing well, and overall excellent person. If I were a psyc major I'd take her again.
Amazing teacher. She is a lot of fun. She can be very wild and sometimes unorganized but she always comes up with a second plan. She is very understanding if you have technical difficulties turning in an assignment online but she does give plenty of notice.
Dr. Johnson is awesome! I wish I had taken her for more classes. She is very intelligent and is interested in her students. Great class! If you read the text and study for the exams you will do fine. Highly recommend!
She is an amazing prof. Incredibly helpful, always happy, so much energy. Just pay attention in class and read the text and you'll do just fine.
honestly the nicest teacher i've ever had...explains everything and is very clear...gives good review sheets for tests...as long as you go to class and take good notes you'll do good...i got an A and never read the book
If you enjoy giving unnecessary presentations, take her
i've had Dr. J quite a few times. she's by faaaaar one of my favorite professors at BSC. she's always willing to help with anything and is an EXCELLENT teacher! not to mention one of the best personalities around!
Wonderful
best teacher ever!! shes the nicest lady in the world and she makes everyone feel so comfortable ...when u feel like a loser. Ask her to sing you opera!! Take this class she makes ur whole class best friends and i still talk to a lot of pple in my class.
love her! one of my favorite people in the entire world!
She is an awesome teacher. Not only does she give great notes but she takes time to get to know her students. Very understanding and flexable. Would recommend her!!
SO sweet! Would do anything to help a student. She is a bit flighty though which makes it tough to follow what shes teaching. She's 1 of those people who really knows too much. I'd take her again any day even when she confuses me.
Class act!!One of the best professors on campus!
.
She is the nicest professor I've ever had. She is always smiling, and if you ever need help she is always willing to give you a hand. She shows alot of videos, that are interesting to the class...but you need to keep up with readings to do well on tests.
one of the best profs i had so far. she is extremely sweet and so interesting. i never missed one class.
AWESOME! Sweetest lady in the world! Forgetful but oes anything she an to help
She is a great professor and always tries to make sure that the students understand what is going on. SHe is very encouraging also.
Professor Johnson is one of the nicest professors I have ever had at BSC..Her class was interesting and also challenging...She is a wonderful teacher and makes you feel like what your saying is the best thing she has ever heard..I would def take her again
The best teacher ever. I highly reccomend her. She is super nice, sweet, and cute. She will go completely out of her way to help any student. Her lectures are facinating and actually make you want to learn. I left her class with increased knowledge.
nice
dr johnson rocks my world! i found her class to be very interesting. she was intelligent, passioniate about the subject, helpful, clear, and super nice. i totally recommend her!
ive had her for various psych classes, she is wonderful and understanding, who will go the extra mile to give you extra help
She is so nice, and helpful, the tests are hard unless u study the study guides, other than that she is really knowledgeable.
A wonderful lady.
Professor Johnson genuinely loves what she does and she is knowledgeable about the field of child psychology. Honestly, the lextures are a little boring, but I think it's more because the students in my class are a bunch of dead beats, not her.
knows her stuff, very fair/nice... always smiling - teaches for the students!!
GREAT teacher! Helpful and cares about the students
one of the nicest,best teachers. very sweet, interesting lady.
really nice... good lectures...tests are not easy though
really nice very fascinated bt her feild.
This was my best mathematics teacher ever!! Very uncooth teaching practices, but it makes things sink in. Made trig understandable, and FUN!! Wish I could take him for all my math classes. YOU GO DUDE!!Ask him about "you math guys and pi"
Wonderful Teacher. He knows everyone by name. Feels like a small town classroom. If you show that you care about your grade you will do good. One of the best at TSU!
A VERY good teacher. Please take him if you are taking a math class. He knows his stuff and teaches extremely well. I had a great experience with him being my teacher. Kept the lectures very interesting, and the class overall was fun. The homework is easy, and the tests are fair. He will help you in anyway. Definately cares about his students.
Great class, Kirby really cares about his students. He knows everyone by name. Very clear teacher with a great classroom environment! Clearly one of the best professors at Tarleton!
Dr Kirby is sooo HOT! :-)
Dr. Kirby=excellent prof. Lectures are thorough, clear, & intuitive. Tests & quizzes are very fair. Effort will equal results. Cares about students & uber-helpful. Possibly the best professor I've had for any class in any field. Take him if you can. *He doesn't put all of his notes online as the incentive for you to attend class.
kirby is a very caring teacher and explains his lessons well. he also helps students anytime they need it.
Absolutely an excellent teacher. Makes everything understandable. His tests are just like the homework. He goes out of his way to help you understand.
very cool teacher that knows what he is teaching . . . just go to class and you will do good
I had no interest in this class before Murry. I enjoyed his class very much. His class is not mandatory, but I suggest attending because of bonus points.
WOW!!!! Smartest man I ever met. Gives bonus points for showing up GO TO CLASS!!! Dr. Murry does not like lazy or stupid people. Don't fall asleep in his class.
Dr. Murry is awesome! He's a really smart guy, and has a great sense of humor. I enjoyed his class. If people tell you they didn't like him it's probably because they were either lazy, disrespectful, or just plain stupid.
GREAT TEACHER! Expectations are high, much work and attendance is required. No surprises, explains what is expected and expects just that! Makes science for the non-major as easy as possible. If you have an attitude about this guy "YOU" really need to look in the mirror, maybe you need to decide if you're ready to be a student!
Awesome Professor!! Very willing to help you. Just show up for class and do the work. The class is actually very interesting!!
ralph was cool as hell, helped with anything you needed and was easy to talk to. would highly reccommend taking him
ralph was one of the best teachers i have ever had. he helped you with anything you needed help with. if you didnt understand it , he would help you out. he is also one of the nicest teachers i have ever had too!!
Great
Tests are difficult, but there is a lot of partial credit questions. There is a homework assignment every week that can be quite difficult. However, Prof. Turner is overall an amazing teacher and is quite caring. If you attend lectures and ask questions, it isn't hard to get a good grade.
Excellent Professor. Very helpful. Invokes interest in the subject material. Very clear explanations over a topic that's not easy to teach. Testing procedures were great too. Immense amount of work required for this course, but it's worth it.
The homework was extremely hard. The tests were easy (probably because the homework was hard). Class was always worth attending. RMT is an excellent professor.
Good sense of humor, interesting lectures, and even though the class is a lot of work he is very clear about what he wants and fair at grading, and helpful if you have questions. I enjoyed the class.
He's very knowledgable in his field, and very helpful during and outside of class. His homework is tough, but a good challenge to prep you for his tests. He's overall excellent.
Very clear, interesting. Hw not easy but FAR from impossible.
Good sense of humor, makes the material interesting and easy to understand.
Who cares about Grades? Its the knowledge that you get.
Professor Dubois is the most caring professor and the best MMW professor out of all of them. The best outfit choices, amazing study guides for tests, and had great TAs. She put thought into every lecture and touched on interesting subjects for each time period. Graded on one midterm and final which both have clear study guides and grading criteria.
Dubois is an amazing lecturer! She does not use a powerpoint so you do need to pay attention and attend class. She does go over everything you will need for the midterm and final. Your grade will depend a lot of your TA because they do the grading.
Professor DuBois was one of the best professors ever! Although she is very lecture heavy, she was sometimes pretty funny and is always passionate about what she is lecturing about. Although going to lectures is not mandatory, you should go to take notes because they will be important for the papers. The TA's do most of the work grading.
I love her. Her lectures are inspirational and so are a lot of the readings. She made me not hate history anymore. TA's do all of the grading but if you show up to their office hours they go easy on you in my experience. The analysis essays are rough sometimes but you get used to them. Great professor, just pray you get an easy TA.
Really hands off and lets your TA take everything, thoroughly enjoys what shes teaching and you can tell how knowledgeable she is from the lectures (which I did watch in 2x speed), wish I had more direct contact with her though :/ CAs are hard at first to figure out what they want but it gets better :,)
She's honestly an amazing professor; you can really tell she cares about her students success. Her midterms and final are super reasonable as they reflect the content learned in class. Just study off her study guide! She lectures with no slides but pay attention to the pictures at the end! Also - participate in TA, this was what brought me to an A-
Prof DuBois is a caring professor who is humorous and easy-going. Her lectures are not the best and can get boring sometimes. Grades are determined by 2 tests (a midterm and a final) and discussion section participation. The tests are not hard if you study for them since she post very detailed study guides a week before.
DuBois's class was easy and I learned a lot. She gives a clear cut study guide for both the midterm and the final which are the outline of the exam. I didn't do a lot of readings, but I attended every lecture and took detailed notes. Lecture is important because some terms that are on the study guide were defined in class, but are not in the book.
The class was graded upon 3 things. The Midterm, Final, and Participation in the discussion section. She gives out a study guide before the midterm and final, and all you really need to do is memorize what is on it and you'll get an A.
Professor DuBois is great. Even though it's a lot of content and it was sometimes hard to pay attention to what she said, her slow pace was really good and made the subject easier to grasp. Her tests were heavily based on the readings. They weren't hard tho, very straight forward and if you read you'll get an A. Office Hours --> she is amazing!
She doesn't use PowerPoints or any visual learning tools during her lecture. She does speaks with a clear voice and always made the lecture engaging. She does makes sexual references but it's all academic. Overall, she's a pretty cool teacher and I wish she teaches MMW 12 too. Definitely will take her again.
Dubois is a spunky woman. She's really easy, one midterm that's not bad, and the final isn't bad either. Her lectures can be boring but pay attention whenever she mentions a reading because those will be the readings that come up on the test. Her outfits are always on point. She talks about sex a lot too
I am providing this rating because as a student, I was able to provide my experiences I've had in college to her and she said she felt she gained a new insight of how the students feel. She also explained that she would love to get to know her students well, but working in a big classroom is difficult. She is an amazing individual overall.
Learning Greek and Roman mythology was a wonderful journey! Her lectures go over and analyze the required readings, and occasionally she'll have one question pop quizzes to see if you did the reading. Grade was based on a single 8-10 page paper of any topic, as long it was mythology-related. Kind, passionate, and raises many interesting topics.
Straightforward, doesn't throw curveballs for midterms, and is extremely nice! Lectures can get boring, but she does write all the key terms on the board so as long as you know those and read all the primary source passages(poems/holy texts/etc) you should get a good grade on her tests. You can get away with not reading if you attend lecture.
She's really funny and keeps the lectures interesting. However, you don't really need to attend the lectures to pass the class. The midterm review is extremely similar to the actual midterm. Doesn't assign homework other than the readings. Talks about sex A LOT (but its chill).
DuBois is one of my favorite professors for MMW. Her lecture style is old school, as she stands in the front of the room and talks, but she is a really funny professor and helps the material "come to life". Dubois is VERY clear about what was on the midterm and final. As long as you are willing to study the study guide, it should be an easy A.
Don't go to lectures. She's SO dull. You can ace the class just by reading the pages she assigns,STUDYING the study guides,and attending discussion (mandatory). Grade determined by TA. 1 midterm and 1 final (not cumulative). ALL memorization of the history content. Takes effort to study and read but def. the easiest mmw professor, HANDS DOWN
Professor DuBois is the BEST professor I've had in UCSD. She is such a nice and classy old lady. We all love her looks! Her level of knowledge is phenomenon. She is respected by all the students. I'm so honored to be her student in MMW 11. Although the lectures are really heavy and require active attention, they are so great by her!
Professor Dubois is one of the best professors that I've had the opportunity to study with. her scope of knowledge is impressive.
She was absolutely amazing, and I adored her. She's incredibly passionate and wonderful.
very good professor. her class was interesting and a very good professor to take.
The class is straight forward and not at all difficult. All you have to do is pay attention and do the readings. The essay is fun because you get to write on any topic that interests you! The point of learning is to develop our own ideas that interests us. Overall, I recommend this course!
She's a marvelous teacher and a marvelous human being. Cares deeply about her students, makes really helpful and interesting comments, very engaging lectures. Highly recommended. Oh, and very cool and sexy.
She's awesome. Didn't care much for the material, but she does everything possible to make it as painless as possible. She even ended the quarter by taking our class out to dinner-- and she paid! I don't know any prof who would do that. LOVE HER.
This was the best class I have ever taken! She is a very good lecturer, interesting topics... Can always relate ANYTHING to sex, which makes it all the more interesting! Half the fun of the class was going to see what she would be wearing today! She has some CRAZY style... But I loved the class.
Witty, wacky, and wonderful. She is willing to address any questions students have, and is readily available outside of class. Midterm exam was very representative of course material. Paper topics are fun to explore.I'd love to take another class w/her
This guy has an indecipherable accent. He's from Transylvania, Israel, and more
He's DEEEELIGHTFUL
Very accommodating during this COVID time. His test was better than expected and he had a huge curve!
It was nice to be able to pace yourself taking him online. He was very accommodating with exams and tests. Huge curves.
For summer session online, this class was a constant grind. The HW is the same amount as a normal quarter so it was an insane time sink; be diligent about it. The prerecorded lectures were fine in my opinion, but are loaded with info. Look at his old exams he posts, they help a lot with the actual exams. Overall, it really was what I expected.
Dr. Hoeger is one of the better professors I have had at UCSD so far. Going into Ochem I thought it was going to be the worst thing ever, but Dr. Hoeger changed that. He teaches the material well and explains the reason behind all the mechanisms and reactions. He is also a fair grader. I highly recommend taking him for the Ochem series.
This man is nothing short of phenomenal. I came in as a lost student after 40a, but thanks to dr. Hoeger I was able to turn this around and got back to back As in 40b and 40c. I dont get where the hate comes from(??) If you are about your craft and are willing to follow whatever he says (trust me he doesn't waste any words), u will do amazing.
Pretty much everything you need to know is on podcast. Homework assignments help solidify understanding (assuming you don't just look online for the answers) and tests have a big curve. I did not need to read textbook at all, did just fine relying on podcasts. Hilarious guy, a touch of dark humor and overall keeps things interesting during lec.
One of the most misunderstood professors! Dr. H is an amazing professor who genuinely cares for the success of his students. Yes, his class may be tough and he may seem intimidating but professors like him know how to prepare students for the next level (ochem).I took him for Chem 4 and 6C and he really makes class interesting and engaging.
Prof. Hoeger is brilliant and teaches material well. Lectures were pretty entertaining and very helpful. Hoeger was very accessible outside of class and provided a lot fo additional study materials. The lab was very time consuming and my biggest complaint about the course. Tests were pretty hard, but there is a fair curve.
Just take him!!! Dont let his rep of being hard scare you away, because his curve is hella thicc so that his average ends up being the same or higher than the other easy profs most of the time, except you learn way more. He makes OChem enjoyable with his clear lecture style and dark sense of humor. Seriously hilarious guy. You wont regret it.
Dr. Hoeger is a great prof. He is an absolutely hilarious guy and is really friendly although he does get try to make himself seem harsh at times. His teaching style is very PowerPoint based, and it does help a lot for both doing the homework and passing his exams. In order to get an A in this class, you need to do a lot more than hw.
As a chemistry major freshman, I feel really lucky taking his OChem series. He's respected and knowledgeable. His classes are work heavy but not impossible. Definitely take him if you intended to learn real chemistry!
Although Dr. Hoeger was difficult in comparison to some of the other professors, he gave me a more comprehensive understanding of the material. He posts all his unannotated lectures ahead of time online so I would recommend writing them before lecture, then spending time during lecture writing down his verbal notes.
Organic chem is not easy but Hoeger is a great teacher and I found myself actually understanding chemistry. Go to class, ask questions, do hw (he uses online hw and it's kind of a pain) and you'll be fine. I definitely recommend his class!
Hoeger is definitely tough but he is very fair. He goes a bit fast in lectures but then if you go to his office hours he provides a lot of helpful tips and explanation. DO the extra hw problems because they really help. If you put in time you will be rewarded.
Hoeger has a unique personality that usually leaves students either hating or liking him, but he is very knowledgeable on the material. The last few weeks were a bit rushed and a good TA helps your chances of earning a good grade. Grading is clear and fair; section grades are adjusted which helps! There is online homework only and attendance checks
I took his OChem my first freshman quarter. He taught the materials fast, but he made a lot of cautions to ensure we understand how to deal with the problems. The curves are generous: You can get about 10% for every raw scores on exams and quizzes. He also has graded homework which is really helpful and provides extra bonus to my final grade.
He really goes into detail in his lectures to make sure you understand the material. He also drops either your midterm, quizzes, final or adjusted final. There are 3 quizzes that are in discussion, and it depends on your TA on the difficulty. He's really talkative and helpful during office hours so go to him! Just do as you're told and its all good
Dr. Hoeger is the best Chem professor on campus. He is very strict but his lectures are phenomenal and he is straightforward. His tests are fair and his curve at the end is great. Take him if you can!
Prof Hoeger is feared for some reason but after having to take CHEM 140B with him because of schedule issues, Im really glad I did. His lectures are very clear and make it easy to understand the material. Make sure to know all the reactions for each chapter, they are like 60% of the the tests. Mechanisms/synthesis can be hard but not worth much.
The most reasonable professor out there. Nice person, incredible teacher, awesome lecturer. Hard tests, but generous curve.
Amazing professor. Content is really challenging and preps you well for harder college courses. Really helps you get on top of your material.
This course is not as easy as you might think. It covers some part from Chem 6A and 6B, and most importantly, the hard part. I would say some portion of this course is very different from what is taught in high school. A tough grader. Labs, homework problems, and exams are usually confusion. Do study it.
Dr Hoeger is a great lecturer, his lectures are interesting, and he could express his ideas clearly. He used iClicker and online homework, and his exams are straightfoward, so generally this is a easy class. Besides, he also gave bonus points for whom did homework well. However, the labs are not very easy, be sure to pick out a good partner.
Easy B- by going to class and doing iClicker and also homework checks.... I took him for B & C, and got a B- for both. By doing homework and iclickers it shows you try in his class and even doing below average on everything (quizzes, exams...) I still got a B-.
Hoeger's a great teacher, everything is clear and he holds early morning question sessions for everyone. If you study the powerpoints and do the homework you should be fine. He's also hilarious in class and really nice and helpful if you talk to him during office hours. One of the greatest professors I've ever had!
Hoeger is the best organic prof, hands down. The trick is to treat it more like a math class where you have to do some problems and have some exposure to the material every day. Listen to his lectures, go to his early morning office hour sessions, and do the homework problems/TA worksheets and quizzes. Should take the fear factor out of OChem.
Cool dude. Can be strict but overall great teacher. He teaches you the basics of chemistry for this course. Take him.
Hoeger is an awesome teacher! Even though he is hard, you will definitely end the class knowing your stuff. I truly learn from his lectures, and he is actually a pretty funny guy. Take him - its worth it!!!
Dr. Hoeger is a boss. He really cares about whether or not students learn, and although he may seem intimidating he is always willing to help. He is without a doubt one of the best professors at UCSD!
His class is hard if you do not have prior chemistry knowledge.He gives a lot of free points with the Sapling Hw and performance and attendance points. For quizzes, go to discussion if you want an A. Tests are fair, and he is a great lecturer. I re-listened to his podcasts to study for his exams and did really well on his exams.
His class could get dull at times, however what he taught in class was extremely helpful for the tests. His midterm and final were multiple guess, so it was easy enough that I got an 98% in the class. Doing the sapling homework is extremely helpful. Good teacher overall with a good sense of humor.
Dr. Hoeger is the epitome of tough love. He might be intimidating, but he cares about his students and wants them to learn Organic Chemistry. CHEM 140B was a hard class, and Hoeger was harder than the other professors teaching it, but it was well worth it.
Great professor, always comes to class prepared and he even gives extra time to ask questions by 1)coming to class early one day out of the week 2)having collaborate sessions 3)having flexible office hours. He really cares about his students. I'm not going to lie, his class can get challenging but he is always willing to clear up any questions.
He only tested what he went over in lecture, so his tests were fair. He made a huge effort to make sure his students understood the material and explained confusing concepts with analogies we could understand. Only used the book once tho, there isn't homework in it...don't need to buy it
Class is mandatory for clicker questions. Tests are really tough, but are a mix of what you see in lecture and what you see in the book. If you study, you will get a good grade. Really cares about getting his students to learn the material to be prepared for later classes, and it works
Dr. Hoeger is super amazing. He is an extremely understanding person. His class can be hard but there are plenty of ways for you to learn it, especially office hours. He is straight-forward, no bs, and he is super interested in what he does. Take him! He'll make you work hard but it's totally worth it.
He really cares about his students!
Best professor at UCSD if you're smart and willing to put in the effort. Absolutely merciless if you're a moron or don't do the work. I would take him for every class at UCSD if I could, hands down.
Very cool guy. Always gave good a good speech after the midterms were passed back with 30% averages. Good times.
If you get less than half the points then obviously you didn't have any points to start with before the curve.
Dr. Hoeger is an EXCELLENT professor. He truly cares about students learning, which is hard to find on campus. With this said, he WILL challenge you, but if you want to gain a deeper understanding of general chemistry, this is the one to go!!!!
Interesting teacher, makes many jokes to keep class entertained. I hate this subject but he really does help and teaches it well. Recommend for everyone.
Good professor. Funny lectures. Mean person during tests :(.
He's definitely not as bad as other people say. Actually, he isn't even bad. I thought Hoeger was an excellent teacher who was fair, and gave a huge curve and grade boost when he wasn't. I recommend him for anyone, because as long as you're willing to put in the work, you'll ace the class. I had a C+ for 140A, but an A for this class. Just try hard
This professor is cool and funny in lecture, but only take him for the general chem series (non honors). Don't be scared to go to office hours, and if you take the class seriously and study very hard, you will do fine
Dr. Hoeger is amazing. He's an awesome teacher with a very clear lecture format. His tests cover exactly what he says they will and if you put in lots of time and work you'll get an A. He's always available for extra help. He always kept me interested and awake which is saying a lot as this class was at 8:00 a.m.!! You rock Dr. H!
Excellent Lecturer, tests were difficult but doable (plus the curve saves your life), And about ALEKS, the internet tutor, he doesn't "depend" on it , but rather uses it as a supplement to his lectures. I think the major reason I did so well on the final was because a huge chunk of it had questions that I practiced on ALEKS.
Hoeger is amazing! Chem 4 is awesome preparation for the 6 series. I had no chem in HS, and tried chem 6A the previous quarter. I had to drop. After this class, I feel super confident about going into 6A. Hoeger may come off as tough at first, but he is a really nice guy who loves teaching and helping his students. Could not recommend him more.
Prof Hoeger was probably one of the most amazing teachers ive ever had for the chem department so far. Yes he does seem a little intimidating at the beginning but thats just how he is. He ended up warming up to all of us. You will understand alot about 140b and his grading system was fair. must take
Like usual, the negative comments on this professor come from the people who got C's or convinced themselves that they were A material and really not. Hoeger is probably the best lecturer in the chem department next to Ternansky. Tough tests, but for a reason since chem6C is an easy subject in the first place. His final was very lecture based.
Not a very nice guy, actually rather arrogant and condescending, but hands down the best professor I have ever had.
The class is fairly diffiuclt if you don't understand the concepts and do hw. Dr. Hoeger's exams are mostly replica of the hw he assigns. Obviosuly there are some trick questions, but he is the BEST at UCSD. if you really want to learn and understand, then definitely take him! I cannot emphasize more!!! A great choice...trsut me
Scary professor, but clear lectures. Homework is helpful for test problems. Requires some work, but not unreasonable amounts.
He's awesome. I guess it was easier for me because i already knew everything he was teaching so i barely studied for his class and the only thing i did was go to lecture and do the labs.
Dr.Hoeger is a really fun professor. His class isn't hard if you pay attention and study. but be sure to spend some time on chem before midterms and final cause you wouldn't want to fall behind.
I thought he was extremely hard at first until I looked at my final grade. I thought I got a B-/C+ in the class, but it was actually a B+, which shows that he gives VERY generous curves. He made me understand general chem and I learned a lot from him. The only ppl who don't like him are those who slacked off & didn't study.
He posts podcasts for his lectures, but, honestly, it's so much easier to go to every lecture. He's very clear about explaining things but it's much easier being able to see what he writes on the board. He's easy to learn from, I would recommend him to anyone. Exams are relevant and fair.
the best prof i've had so far... he taught the material well and if you know how to do the homework problems, you should be able to do well on the exams... the final was def harder than the midterms. seriously the BEST prof i've ever had.
great professor! very funny and extremely intelligent. all lectures slides are posted on webct, so don't focus on taking notes, just focus on listening. highly recommended
You won't get a clearer professor for Chem-period. This guy repeats stuff in lecture that he knows people are taking notes on and even gives you easier ways to do things (e.g. sucessive approximation)He does podcasts also. On the negative side his tests are extremely difficult. You need to be a good problem solver. Good professor, but hard too.
summer07. it was summer so it went by quick. gave same amount of hw he did during a regular quarter. his teaching style is more on problem solving(how to do the problems and less on concepts). so if u learn by doing stuff instead of reading, u should really take him. i liked the class. he grades super easy in the summer cuz its only 5 weeks.
I've taken Hoeger 3 times for 3 different chem courses. I think he does a great job at explaining a lot of the concepts. He's also a bit of a sarcastic ass, but it's all out of good fun. The man has an award for teaching. U should take his class(es)!
He teaches straight to the point and with fluidity, so take notes on most thing he mentions. Midterms and tests are TRICKY! Know your material. Only issues are big ones!! (1) EARLY classes so no partying or you won't want to come. (2) He uses the dreaded WebCT A LOT of the time; pain in neck! Hoeger says Winn is exact same as him!(Just no WebCT ;])
although his test can be a bit tough, it really tests whether you understand the concepts or not. He curves extremely generously so I wouldn't worry too much.
Great professor! His lectures are very clear and helpful, he tries to make class fun. The midterms and final are pretty easy, you can get by w/o reading; the hw helps. The only problems are the class starts at 8 so i have trouble attending all his lectures (he takes roll) and the boring labs. i'm taking him again 4 6A even tho it also starts at 8.
Awesome teacher for a not so awesome subject.
The class is fairly challenging, and the material demanding. Despite whatever Hoeger, says, though, it is possible to learn the material. The midterms are really hard, however. But he grades easier because of the difficulty of the class. Hoeger is really funny, too, though he may come out as a jerk to some people. He is also a good professor.
Excellent professor. Fair tests, gives generous curve. Do homework and you'll be fine!
Professor Hoeger is great and helpful and really concerned about students. All his cultural references and snide jokes makes the class so fun and nerdy. He lovingly calls all the late-comers 'slackers'.
Go to office hours! His lecture are jammed pack full of info; go to office hours to resolve questions. He is soooo helpful at office hours that he makes up for being so hard. His practice exams are nearly identical to his real exams. Also, take his -class off-quarter. This means don't take 6a in fall, take it in winter or spring - off track. This really helps - even he says so!!!
I dropped the first time becuase it was too hard and did well the second time. The difference was the workshop and the quarter that I took it. He does well explaining the concepts in lecture, but not when it comes to showing how to apply them to problems. He is hard but you be glad for it once you realize how much and how well you've learned it. He teaches more thouroughly and slowly if you take it spring quarter. As for summer (6b)... be sure you can keep up with homework if you want to succeed.
I've had Hoeger before and he is possibly the best chem professor out there. You get to drop a midterm entirely and you can replace one of three quizzes with your attendance. I admit his finals are killer, I had no problem whatsoever getting an A. Just do understand ALL the homework and ALL concepts!!
His lecture is clear. He's really good at teaching. Exams are hard. It's almost imposible to get 88% on the exam. That's why it's important to get 100% in the section, so you can drop the lowest midterm.
Dr. Hoeger is an extraordinary professor! He is a very dramatic lecturer. In addition to teaching us chemistry, he gives us valuable ideas. He presents his ideas in a way that is accessible in daily life. He is very kind, caring, and helpful. He makes a difficult subject amazingly understandable. :)
Dr. Hoeger is a fabulous professor! His lectures are extremely interesting and enlightening. He is very helpful during office hours. He is very friendly, nice, and energetic. He is an awe-inspiring professor, a brilliant chemist, and a deeply compassionate human being. :)
This is a straight out tough class. Hoeger really makes you learn the stuff. Don't think you can get buy witout doing ALL the HW problems in a timely manner, unless you're some child genius. But you will learn a lot. I am a chem major and this class prepared me for upper division chem, a real ****.
Pretty good lecturer...Has required problems for homework so it keeps you reading that book...His midterms and final were all easy...Just pay attention in class...do the problems and this class is cake...
May seem a little rough around the edges, but he is a really good guy who wants to help his students.
He is really nice and helps alot during his office hours, but his midterms and final are hard. You learn alot but he is HARD!!. You have to study and do the homework problems he assigns. After his class I was well prepared for chem 6B.
excellent teacher, no complaints. no trick questions. explains stuff on IM too. very responsible. he even cracks jokes in class.
he's probably the most funniest professor on campus. If you want to learn chemistry, i strongly recommend him. Definitely will make you work but it will worth it!
sick ass professor...a little difficult for some, but still the best lecturer ive ever had, hands down
He is a GREAT professor, lectures from the book in a very clear way. Hard but students learn a lot in his class.
Very good professor. His lectures are so clear and good that you won't need to read the book.
He is a great teacher, but you have to be ready to really work (he tries to put his classes at 8AM to weed out the slackers). If you want to learn chem, take Hoeger, if you want an easy A go for someone else. (I did get an A so it is possible)
Good teacher. If you're used to getting A's, this one should be no problem if you keep up with the work.
One of the best lecturers in UCSD. His lectures are VERY helpful, even though they are almost always at 8am in the morning! It is very rare to see a 8am classroom to be so crowded! GO TO LECTURES! (com'n you gotta go, he's a funny dude)
VERY GOOD TEACHER. YOU WILL LEARN A LOT FROM THIS GUY BUT BE SURE TO STUDY HARD FOR HIS TEST
Tests are the trickiest I've ever taken but his teaching skills are phenomenal
hoeger is awesome. all i have to say is Tungsten!
This guy rules. Always there to help.
Hard teacher but he is the best you can get. makes the lecture interesting. You will really learn in his class
Hoeger is very helpful and has a great sense of humor. Hard, yet fun.
strict, but awesome..if you can get up at 8 in the morning!!!
Tests are hard but the smartest chem prof out there!
Hoeger rules
Professor Chamberlain is AWESOME. Not only is he brilliant when it comes to the Greco-Roman world, but he's funny and personable too. He actually cares about his students as well. Yes, you have to read, but he makes it fun and interesting. TAKE HIM!!!!!
Dr. Chamberlain's teaching was very clear as he puts the main vocabulary words on the board before his lectures and follows the sequence he puts them on. The readers are appropriate. His midterms are long and require studying, but he purposely makes it hard so people will study harder for the final.
two words: ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! he's brilliant and knows as much as anyone ever will about Ancient Greece and Rome. on top of everything, he's a great guy who loves to talk to his students, and takes an honest interest in their academic careers. if you're not taking him for MMW you are missing out!!!
I've taken CC for LTLA2 & 100 and he really is a great teacher. When I took EW(you know who he is) I sometimes dreaded going to class, but with Charles it was always a pleasure. If I had to make a recomendation to all you latin students save him for your upper divs. You'll have to bare EW in LTLA3 so might as well take him for all the lower divs.
He is an amazing professor. I would love to have him be my professor again.
I basically am in love with the man. I have absolutely no interest or use for Latin but I'm contemplating taking it for the sole purpose of having him as a professor again. Oh how I miss MMW2. His lecture style makes it really easy to take notes and he cracks awesome dirty jokes. Basically, TAKE HIM, NO QUESTIONS ASKED!!!
great guy, go to his office hours, he really wants to get to know his students. great sense of humor and one of the most fair, humble, and intelligent professors i've had
Way hotter than Mercury.
No lie the absolute best professor ever. I lament the fact that he's not teaching LTLA 3...SOMEDAY!! I'm pretty much in love with the man.
Realy great Latin teacher, hard to find.
Get to know this wonderful professor during office hours. That's what those hours are there for, people. His lectures are extremely interesting, he lets you know EXACTLY what will be on the test with his terms, and he is amazing helpful. His tests tend to run very, very long, but he makes up for it by being such a kickass person.
Chamberlain has an infectious sense of humor and enthusiasm about anything he's will to teach. He is a big nerd, but so are most of his class so it's easy to identify with him. He is interesting, eloquent, and fun; by far the best professor I've had yet.
Has a hysterical, quarky sense of humor. I loved going to the class just for that. The essays are hard, and the final was laborious, but the lectures made it worth it.
Chamberlain rocks! By far my favorite professor at UCSD. His lectures were interesting, he focused on learning and not on torturing students, and his enthusiasm was infectous. I highly recommend for anyone interested in the ancient world.
This guy makes Latin fun, folks. Chamberlain was willing to answer any question thrown at him, no matter how random or off topic. Small class, so go to office hours! The class itself is lots of work, but worth it.
Its all on the TAs otherwise his lectures kept me up and going to every class
Great professor.
Very passionate about his subject - his office hours are very interesting. Do the suggested reading over break, read ahead of time when possible. See your TA before every essay to make sure the TA will actually like what you're writing. Study KEY TERMS for the Final! Helps to type up lecture notes.
I liked this guy. His lectures were great, he was funny. Your grade doesn't depend on him, it depends on your TA, so if you're thinking about taking him, do it. He's a great guy, he even gave me bonus points for going to see him at his office hours. Really knows his stuff.
Of the 5 MMW professors I've had so far, Chamberlain is one of my favorites. I found that he always reviewed the readings in a way that really made me want to read them! He's incredibly smart, and has a lot to add to the materials that really gets you thinking.
he is just amazing! guys love him and girls wanna **** him. the class is very interesting and easy as long as you keep up with the reading. one of the most interesting professor's i ever had. His first love: Classical Greece Second love: Mrs.Chamberlain.
The best prof I had my first year. Hilarious, keeps your attention, explains course well.
Yup, he is definitely hot for an older man. He's got style too! He's very funny and very witty. Loved his class...best humanities professor.
Hot??? Huh??? Are we talking about the same guy? Anyway, I enjoyed his class very much. I had him for two quarters and would recommend him to anyone. His lectures are definitely interesting and easy to understand for those who
VERY FUNNY AND WITTY! GREAT LECTURES THAT FACILITATE NOTE-TAKING.
Great professor, not afraid to challenge his students' beliefs. Lectures are very interesting, he writes a lot of Greek and Latin on the board for entertainment. Highly recommended.
The class is great. He's so great. He really knows his stuff. I really enjoy this class because he just explains clearly. The test can be a bit long because you have to write and write and write.
very straightforward about what you need to know, lectures dumbed down, lists topics on the board that are important, intensive reading, quizes representative of class. easy to get B, hard to get an A
i actually woke up to go watch this guy talk...cuz it was THAT amazing
A chummy chap, and so enjoyable to learn from. Very chill.
Best prof I've had yet
Great Prof!!
Very clear, very precise, REALLY helpful.
awesome class :)
A smashing "magister linguae Latinae".
Cool guy
Murakami is so far my favorite teacher at UCSD. If you like to be treated like a child with an attention span so short you need an iclicker to pay attention this is not the teacher for you. If you pay attention, his style is highly conducive to taking clear notes, and you will learn tricks that put you ahead in other classes.
i failed the final but still got an A. i think it's b/c they messed up. at any rate, he says "isn't it true" a lot. he's always talking a bout the war between mae and cs majors. definitely take him. ISN:T IT TRUE? ISN'T IT TRUE? ISN'T IT TRUE? im dead serious he says that phrase about 10x a lecture. It IS TRUE.
Very easy professor. He's so nice (willing to answer dumb questions asked by fellow classmates) His class is just about as easy as it gets (once you learn how to use UNIX)
i have to say i couldnt understand anything he was talking about, and his text book was totally useless.
Hans Wenzl is not a bad professor. At least when I took him for MATH 20E. I agree he does have an accent but he did teach vector calculus which made sense overall and I am glad I finished my final lower division math course with him. Wish I had walked away with an A but I did not study well enough for the Final with his practice exams. DO STUDY.
Easiest class ever, best D+ every received. Took this class in 1997, must have changed the year after according to the guy below me.
Prof. Peter Gacs, is really a nice professor! I know lots of people complain about his accent and hand-writing, which is indeed not that good, but if you have some problem, during his office hour, he is willing to explain to your again and again with patient. And you could learn a lot from his office hour!
Love Laura Artesani!! Take all the classes with her!
Incredible teacher. More importantly, she continues to make herself available as a resource even after graduation
Such a sweetheart. She is the most talented pianist I have ever met. She is so genuine and kindhearted. Not to mention she is a music genious.
HOT
Dr. Artesani is a great teacher. I enjoy her classes so much. Her style of teaching is just magnificient, she's definitely one of my all time favorite teachers.
It's a fun class! The writing assignments are creative and are not completly book based, it is a nice change of pace.
Great person and teacher. Had her for private lessons. Is more than willing to go the extra mile to help out a student in need. Overall, she's excellent - and quite sexy too.
Laura is a great teacher. She's very clear. She might grade easily sometimes, but you have plenty of assignments to learn yourself. I learned a LOT in her classes, and she is a VERY nice person!!
Laura is a great teacher and a wonderful way to meet an ethics requirement! Her segment on advertisements in magazines made it worth while to me.
Laura Rules!!
Laura is the most helpful and inspiring teacher I've ever had. If anyone makes me want to teach, it's her!
Laura is the best! She is open, fun and always surprises the students with lessons! I've had her for 5 classes this past year and I say she is WONDERFUL!
great professor! very clear, very helpful, very nice, i loved her, super lady
Laura is tha bomb!
Great Professor! Sure, he may come off a little dull/dry, but just pay attention - He really does want you to learn. I left the class learning a lot of material. Do the work and you will be fine. He is more than willing to reinforce material you do not understand!
the bet professor at towson. He is brilliant. makes econ interesting. he will catch you if you are cheating, because he is awesome like that. your an idiot if you fail his class, or get any letter grade below an A. He provides you with not only adequate material, but a web site that has previous exam questions. THE BEST= DR. JOE
His class is the only thing useful after finishing the semister. He is welling to help if you do your part. Exams are fair. Great teacher for econ majors or non-econ majors
Great prof! He really wants students to understand, not memorize, and he loves the subject. Not the easiest class, and attendance isn't mandatory, but taken for stats., you should go and get the notes. He really likes it when you ask questions, willing to help outside of class. I recommend!
he is not that bad!very nice person and help student a lot!
If you goto class, take notes, do the three homeworks the entire semester, and do the 2-3 practice tests he provides for you, its an easy B+ A-, I recommend taking Microeconomics first though just because of the subject. He's a good straight forward teacher, and a fair one.
I have no idea what these people are talking about. Pomykala represents one of the few good profs out there, he teaches it like it should be taught. Guess what guys? college is supposed to be hard, if you don't like it then get an associates degree at your local communicy college. Took him for 2 classes and got an A for both. Not hard if you work
Hands down one of the best professors I ever had, not to mention his various outside interests/tangents that he interwove within the lecture, and always with the pretense "not on the exam".
this is a tough class but he puts prior exams online with answers, very helpful. answers questions and tries to make material understandable, and wants everyone to understand and do good in his class. great class and great professor.
The book is somewhat boring, but he explains it well if you aren't intimidated by his use of econ vocab, like most are. You learn alot, and you need to cover alot of material and vocab, but if you take his online tests you'll be fine. His tests are almost completely identical. Visit his site often.
look at his old exams and study hard. gives break on final exam if you do well.
good guy, but no slide
Has good class website with prior exams and answers. Definitely take his prior semester exams.
Good web site, hard exam questions
just take note that you will past easly
check out his old exams on-line
hard material but he is very helpfull and easy to understand based on 4 tests
2nd time I took macro, this time got a B
didn't read the book, passed exams, exempt from final. others did very bad
Best teacher I had at towson.
He helped me outside of class.The class is not too hard.I got an A on all exam
Deya has a great passion for children. To get a good grade you have to be willing to show up and participate. She is very good at what she does, she may try to intimidate you in the beginning. Overall really good class. I got an "A"
if you do your work you will get no less then a B..great teacher
I often wished this class was offered for two days a week instead of one! There is a good reason why Prof. Doonan's students look forward to going to his class - there is never a boring moment. If you have always thought anth was a boring subject, he will make it interesting for you. He is quite an amazing teacher and makes it so easy to learn.
Doonan has been one of my favorite teachers at City. Take his classes if you can :)
Dr. Russ is to date the best professor at UD. He is a great lecturer and genuinely hilarious person. He only has 3 tests, none are Comprehensive. Attending class is a must though because he doesn't use any lecture materials or website. His word is what notes are taken on. His pace is fine and he makes the material interesting enough to remember.
No doubt the best professor at the University. Just go to class. You will enjoy class more than any other course you have taken. I was actually sad the class was over.
For a history class, it was fantastic. I registered for and then dropped a history class each of the last five semesters. This one was a keeper. He is very clear and speaks very well.
Totally my favorite professor this semester. He is so engaging and intelligent. I never even skipped because I hated to miss him talking! He's so funny and incredibly knowledgable. I wish he taught all my classes.
by far the best professor i will ever have in college!he is so sweet and truely cares about his students. he will always remeber you.he makes classes fun and jokes around alot! there are not enough nice things to say about paul sestak!
Paul is the best teacher and loves the industry mroe than anything. He is really helpful and always has something fun to say, even if it is off topic. He does not get mad if you miss class, but you wont want to anyways!! If your in HRIM, you better make sure you get him as a teacher!
He's amazing, easy to understand, wants you to learn, gives extra credits, and easy to get an A with him
Really cares about us
I had Dr. Grabowski for UHC Org. Chem 1 and 2 all the way back in 2003-2004. He is a tough grader, but he is an excellent professor, and I would take his courses again if I could go back in time. He prepared me very well for my pharmacology and biochemistry courses in pharmacy school. One of the very best professors at Pitt!!
Really easy class. If you want an easy A you must take this course. However don't miss to many classes because you will fall behind. The work is pretty simple all you have to is follow the steps from the book. Time consuming but really easy.
I loved this teacher!! Hes a great teacher. This class is very interesting. He makes this class lots of fun with his videos and pictures and fun quizzes! If all possible get this teacher you will learn a lot!
Great teacher, I made an A... Good class, just go and participate and you'll do fine.
he makes the class fun, and you actually learn. pretty easy class as long as you keep up with his notes and read the chapters.
Papa Smurf! i love dr. handron. he is THE coolest. best intro psyc class ever, take it it's an easy A. almost no reading, just take good notes, and he has good games, too! totally awesome!!
He's great. Yeah he's tough but most teachers at Geneseo aren't. If you want an education take him... he knows what he's talking about too, which is very refreshing.
He is a very helpful teacher. He lets you redo your papers for a higher grade, which is very nice.
Online, set on a schedule. Great professor! He is so funny and he teaches exactly to what will be on hmk and test. ( 4 Test & one is replaced by the lowest grade) If, I could pass this class with an A, then anyone can! you just have to take your notes and listen. If you do then you will do great in his class. He cares about his studentsTake him!
Great professor. Teaches really well. If you have any questions hell always help out. Attend all of his meeting they help out so much. His exams arent hard theyre just like the reviews.
With good attendance and work on my part I received an A in both Precal and CAL1 in his class. He's really good at teaching complicated concepts quickly. His explanations are so much better than the book. He is sometimes annoyed by people who don't prepare for class. His tests are very similar to the review and the problems on the quiz. 5 star
She's really good at teaching how to write. Just listen and pay attention for once, and you'll learn a lot.
The way of grading in this class is very good as it is based off of total points rather than how you score on all the assignments. As long as you do your work you will get an A. All the assignments are optional, but if you do all the work on time this class will be over by thanksgiving or earlier. You need 1350 to get an A.
I didnt know much about politics and what is happening around the world until I took this course. Boyer is without a doubt the best professor at VT. To get an A you have to put in the work. Its honestly fun work though because you learn about the world and watch movies every week. If you put in the work and time, youll easily get an A.
Do yourself a favor and take him. Of the two years I've been at State he is probably my favorite Professor. Pretty odd to say this but I actually looked forward to going to class. He is a really great guy who cares about his students, and funny too! Hope to catch him in another class that he is teaching in the future.
This is the math professor you've been looking for. If you need help, you can get it effectively. He does go over ANY hw problems as a class, so you will see material constantly and the teaching method works very effectively for how the class should be run. He is a professor that gets it from a student point of view and understands students.
Dr. Norris does such a good job to make sure everyone is up to speed and comfortable with the material. He is very laid back and is understandable about absences. Dr. Norris makes the class very enjoyable and is willing to meet with you outside of class for extra help if needed.
Awesome teacher, learned a lot, made class fun and interesting!
GREAT teacher. I wish she taught all my classes
This is by far the best comp sci professor at IUP. He is hard but fair and will make you learn. I dont know how IUP acquired him but he is the kind of teacher would could be at CMU.
Great Teacher. Great Man. I recommend him to anyone.
I wish I wouldve had him sooner so I couldve taken him more. Lectures are amazing and so entertaining, but you need to show up. He walks through everything step by step and makes understanding it so much easier. He is hilarious and genuinely cares about his students. GRCC is lucky to have him.
Professor Shen is my favorite Computer Science professor thus far. He is very intelligent and passionate about the subjects he teaches. His assignments are challenging and the exams are even more difficult, but if you make an honest effort and invest the time required you will get an A. Show up to lectures or you'll regret it come exams.
Honors philosophy with Corcoran was one of my favorite classes so far at Calvin. I learned a lot and he is really good at explaining the philosophy concepts.
Dr. Conner has retired following my second semester with him, but I want to write this anyway. He is both an extraordinary professor, and an extraordinary man. His lectures are penetrating and informative, and he is a joy to talk to (about anything) outside of class. It was an honor to take the final course he taught, I learned so much.
I had Duggins for 101 and 102 and I thought he was a fantastic teacher. If you are a biology major he is the best teacher. Yes, his exams are hard but they make you know the material. It is definitely not a class to take if you just want to get by. I would recommend duggins to anyone who is serious about biology and he did a great job teaching!
Dr. Kirtland is amazing. I had him for Statistics and now I took him again for Calculus. My low grade is NOT because of him. I am terrible at math and if I didn't have him for Calc, I would have failed the class. He is very understanding when you're struggling and is happy to help you during his office hours. I will miss having classes with him.
Failed stats last year and now i have an A in his class.
Good Teacher Learned a lot
Professor Elzinga is AMAZING. ECON 201 with him is exactly the must-take course everybody says it is...take it, and do yourself a favor. He is a brilliant, kind, and wonderful professor.
Smart and nice. You have to keep up with the class though.
He's amazing. The class is amazing. My major is now amazing because it's PSYCHOLOGY! Truly inspired me to major in Psychology. Take this class. It's not an easy A but definitely worth it.
EDF 315 online was a very easy class. The class consisted of weekly journals, some discussion posts, and a few papers. He is a pretty slow grader, so don't expect assignments to be graded until several weeks after submitting them. But overall, definitely take this class with Professor Bair, I learned a lot from it!!
Kevin Cole is a great geologist, who knows the field as well as any. He is brilliant and you can learn much from him. With that said, sometimes he has difficulty communicating the information to the student. However unless you are the type of student who is unwilling to put in work, you will do fine in the class.
she is great! you have to earn your grade, but it's worth the work!
David is a wonderful professor. He is very knowledgeable within the context of modern European history (1648 and beyond), but be prepared to get more material than may be necessary when it comes to Russia and the early Soviet Union. Your grade will be based primarily on 3 take home essays; take notes and pay attention, and you will do well.
Professor Francescotti is absolutely excellent at what he does. He is incredibly knowledgable on all things philosophy. Your entire grade is based on 4 exams so study hard for them. Everything on the exams is in the study guide and as long as you took good class notes you will do well.
I have had Delph twice in college, and he is by far my favorite professor. His lectures are interesting and they prepare you so well for the exam. There are never any surprises on his exams, and he is very accessible and helpful. Delph is truly passionate about history.
I put off taking this class, but I wish that I took it before all of my other history classes- it would have helped! This is a tough class, but Delph and the librarians are very helpful, and I learned a lot in this class.
I never liked history-then came Delph! Great guy! Great teacher! VERY interesting lectures. I learned a lot. I actually stayed awake in his class. Have a conversation with him, he's pretty cool.
I took Marty during the Winter break up at Treetops resort in ****. The best class I ever took. He is funny, serious, and knows his stuff. I recommend taking him up in ****, it's a blast.
A very fair, understanding, and helpful human being. He sincerely wants us all to do well and is more than happy to help. He is also a friendly and personable guy who understands we have lives outside of his class. I will take him again and again!
very clear. he knows his stuff. great class discussions.
Great teacher, entertaining, makes the class easy. His accent is easy to understand.
He was a GREAT professor. Anyone scared to take an SWS should take his class. All you do is read stories go to class and talk about it. You have to do 2 portfolios which he doesn't grade hard at all and the mid-term was 25 M.C. questions which took 12 minutes. Easy A and VERY interesting.
Doc is not only a great teacher, but a great person to know. He's got a great style that contributes to his knowledge and takes actual interest in his students. Irreplaceable!
His humorous anecdotes and amusing lectures made this class something special. He took a subject that people may not be interested in and made it enchanting. He is a funny and all around great guy.
Makes the class very interesting and enjoyable. Great sense of humor. Extremely helpful.
She was very helpful and made the class fun. You don't have to read much but take note you willneed them for the test.
DR. Balfour is very fair; expects plenty being graduate students but if you do your work well, you will get a good grade. As long as you make sense and can explain your point to him and make sense, you are good to go. Makes you think more criticaly
He is wonderful! Very passionate about what he does and he makes class interesting. I definitly recomend this class.
Awesome class, you don't mind an 8 o'clock class with him
Take him if you have half a chance, he's fast paced, but more than glad to help you keep up.
By far the best Math prof at the school. If you're not ****ed, and go to at least half your classes, you will not be disappointed. Differential equations are not an easy topic, and if you're forced to learn them, this is the right person to teach you.
You have to be willing to learn, but not really
Easy class. Take her.
Great class if you need to catch an extra nap!
Dr. Doonan is a great professor and his lectures are amazing, he grades on participation so if you are a wallflower it might be time to blossom. He cares about his students and will try to help if you are struggling. Be ready to take notes, not miss class and read the online textbook.
Doonan is an awesome teacher. His lecture style is interesting, and very interactive. I'd advise you to use the book because the tests are hard! He is very helpful, and if you talk to him in office hours you can really bounce ideas and get into the subject. Overall, he's a cool guy and a great teacher.
Rise is a straightforward guy. Do what he assigns, listen to his lectures, and read or at least skim the material and you'll do fine. This class allowed for debate and Rise loves to play devils advocate. Definitely recommend him. He's a fair grader and a great teacher.
He's a very awesome guy!
Dr. Addo was a really great professor. He was very helpful and clear. He enjoys the subject and actually cares for his students. The class contains 4 projects which are well planned and challenging. There are also 2 tests, which are difficult. As long as you do well on the projects, you should be safe in the class.
Best professor that I have had in college! He gave interesting lectures, and he will help you succeed! If you don't want to learn, then maybe you will have issues with him, as he expects you to meet him half way with effort. Take him if you want the best ME professor at SDSU!
Greatest professor! She really made an impact on my life. She does not take attendance, but if you want to pass the class you should attend every class! She has many office hours options available. If you do the work you will get an A. Linguistics itself is a hard subject, your essentially learning a new language, but Dr.Samraj makes it digestible!
Everyone criticizes Barry more than they should. His class is extremely engaging. He might try to throw in inspirational remarks here and there, but he tries to keep you interested & it works. If you do the homework & always do clickers, you will get tons of extra credit. Exams are fair. Easy to get an A if you try, even w no physics background.
GREAT PROFESSOR. CLEAR METHODS
THE BEST for acct 261. Go to class and do projects and it's an easy A. Really helpful and nice, plus some tests are open book and notes! If you have to take it, TAKE HER!!
He's such a nice teacher, very helpful and patient especially during office hours. If you make an effort and seeks for help he is going to take that into account.
Russ just is the best professor at UD. I took this class specifically to have him again and convinced my friends to take him. He loves making connections with students and legitimately loves his job, & it shows. He is charismatic and passionate about Delaware history. This class is shockingly interesting and perfect for anyone who likes US history.
Professor Russ is such a caring professor. His lectures can be a bit boring and there are no PowerPoints to take notes from, so be sure to pay a lot of attention during lectures. The exams are 4 short answer questions and one essay, but not difficult at all. He is a solid choice for HIST106 if you're looking to fulfill a breadth requirement.
Great professor. He really knows his stuff. Good amount of work but nothing overwhelming. The class is very straight forward and grading is more than fair. Easy to do well if you put the time in, no tricks.
Dr. Vician is a great guy and very helpful, all you need to do is ask. It is a MUST that you pay attention to what you read and what he says in class. He's trying to get people to open up their mind and think. He mixes stories of his life with class work to help things seem more fun. If you think you understand a chapter for a test, study it again.
He cares about his students first and foremost, and he'll remember who you are forever. His classes are always interesting and he's a really nice guy.
One of the best teachers in the department. She's open, honest, warm, and caring. If you're ever stuck/lost in an assignment, see her during office hours, and she will be more than happy to assist anyone. In 4 years of classes with her, I never saw any hint of gender bias (I'm male). Dr. Doan is the one instructor I'll never ever forget.
She's the best GVSU CJ prof. She genuinely cares about her students but expects them to act like adults. If you want an easy A class where you learn nothing and just want to coast don't take her. If you want to actually learn about what is going on in the CJ system and aren't afraid of actually putting in a little work, then there is no one better.
AWESOME LECTURER, just PAY ATTENTION and you don't even need to read the text. He's amazing. In Eng 100, the text is heavy and hard to understand, but if you take good notes in class and talk to Clark about things you don't understand, you'll do ok. BUT YOU GOTTA STUDY: seriously, it's not easy, but you can gain so much knowledge from this class.
Dr. Gaut was the best lecturer I've ever had at UCI. His own class notes are so good that you don't need to take notes, nor did I even read the text. If you study his notes you'll be fine. When he taught I got an A+ on the midterm. Just beware when they switch teachers halfway through. That's no bueno!
knows his stuff. very entertaining.
Probably the best professor I've had at Iowa State. He is very funny and outgoing. Every day he shows up with no notes and will write a couple pages worth of notes all with his chalk on the board. VERY note heavy, so you can't really skip any class and he doesn't really work with the book much at all. Don't bother buying textbook.
He slows everything down if you don't get what we are going through. He actually cares about the students and has a sense of humor.
This class isn't easy, but if you go to class and study, you will pass. Greenberg is a nice guy too, he emailed me after the semester was over just to tell me that I did great in his class, and that I should come by and chat sometime. That's a first.
Professor Grabowski is amazing. He's passionate for chemistry and if you want to really understand it / actually are interested in the topic, you should absolutely take him. If you're not interested in those things, you probably shouldn't take Ochem anyways. grabowski goes into the fundamentals and will help you become the chemist you want to be.
This class is pretty tough ngl, but its worth it in my opinion. If you are looking for an easy class just to get the credit, I would suggest looking at other professors.
Really nice guy. Wants everyone to do well in his class. Makes learning statistics easy to understand. Recommend him for anyone who has to take Stats
Ignore all bad posts about this teacher, if you need to learn statistics this is the professor you need. He explains everything crystal clear, and begins each lecture with a small review of the last one. Do the homeworks, go to class, and you will do very well. Take this class if at all possible
all of my classes strongly depend on how much my teachers make it interesting and i absolutely loved taking py 101 with her. she is understanding of students who go to class and show they are interested. she really appreciates class participation. its just that u have to go to class and take notes. she gives easy notes and good examples.
Work hard and you will do fine in the class. She is probably one of the better teachers I have had so far in College and I'm a Junior. People that complain about her are just upset because they didn't try. My group and I had to do a presentation on Mass Media and everyone in our group did good besides one person who just named off movie titles.
I loved this class! All you need to do is go every day and take notes on what he says. Don't buy the book because you won't use it once. He only gives four exams (each worth 100 points) and one research paper (worth 40 points but you can get 20 extra credit points if you do well on it). He is really funny and knows his stuff. I highly recommend him
such a great guy. knows his stuff by heart. he is very compassionate, especially on the day of the final when i had diarreah- he let me leave and offered to let me take the final later! awesome guy!
Brenchley was an amazing teacher. You will not need a book for the class, just take good notes and you will have an easy A. True, some students will skip classes and just talk/sleep during his lectures. But, if you want an A and want a teacher who knows History, taking Brenchley is one of the smartest/easiest things a student at Snow can do!
I love history and Dr. Bowler is my ideal history professor. He's very factual and likes details, but always keeps in mind the big picture. He knows more than you can imagine and it's very easy to keep your attention in class. If you participate and go the writing center before turning in your papers, you will get an A.
TAKE this guy! he will make history interesting. take his "Hitler and the 3rd Reich" class. very good class, we watched vidoes everyday, alot of lecture too....but its history so thats expected. he is always willing to help students GREAT GUY!
Such a kind hearted person. She is very challenging when it comes to grading, but if your willing to put in the effort you'll be ok. She is very willing to work with you and get to know you on a more personal level. She is obviously extremely knowledgeable about the material she teaches and there is a lot to gain from taking her class.
Professor Doerfler is a great guy. He is passionate about what he teaches and making sure the students understand. There are 4 tests and 4 short writing assignments about psychology current events. He has lots of experience and knowledge as well. Attendance isn't mandatory but you benefit from showing up. Very, very kind man.
I took him for into to psyc and he really is a great teacher. he makes the lectures interesting, and the quizzes and tests arent real hard. attendence is not mandatory but if you're there when he takes it you get +5 to your final average :)
I took him for psych of religion and psych of sexuality. HE IS GREAT. Very easy to get along with, open minded, well versed in what he is teaching, and has a world of knowledge. I highly recommend him.
He's my favorite professor at ECU and I'm not a psych major. He did, however, influence me to make it my minor. He's a great man with a good heart who actually cares if his students pass or fail. His tests aren't easy, but the amount of extra credit he offers evens it out. Go to class and you'll be fine.
Very good teacher. Tests were not easy, but if you study they are not too bad. Very fun teacher with interesting stories to help you remember the information. Loved the class.
I had to take Hon's class at 8:05am, which i wasn't looking forward too. Hon is such a good professor thought hat within 10 minutes of our 2 hours block (twice a week i might add) i was awake alert and participating. Hes great, his essays are short, and he is really helpful and smart. He is definitely the professor to take for 220!!!
Calc two is known to ruin your love for math, and it definetly does, however, Esham did a great job teaching it. If you want to do well it is not difficult to do so. He gives plenty of opportunities asside from tests (where he pulls questions directly from the homework questions). It is time consuming and there is a lot of work involved but if you
She is very sweet. May not be a good professor, but she is very knowledgeable and it can be quite easy to get an A in the class. She is probably too forgiving on her tests, giving too many points. go to TA hours if you want a 100 on all the homework. They basically do it for you. May not learn much, easy to figure out how to get an A.
I found her difficult and frustrating at first, but she really grew on me. She's very happy, relatively funny, and a sweet person. She's a great professor and supplies lots of help: review sessions, TAs, and office hours. She also gives extra credit if you come to class on days she expects no one to come. so GO TO CLASS. She's a great professor.
He is one of the most awesome professors ever! He is super smart and very approachable. He has no problem going over your test if you go in for office hours with him. He truly loves History and that definitely shows. He also brings in cool things like replica swords and coins from Ancient Greece. I definitely recommend taking this class with him.
If you have credits to kill take him, if you don't make some space and take him. Even if you don't like history (morons) take his Ancient Greece or Ancient Rome course. I'm serious, take him, ask anyone still at the university. Do it.
She's the nicest teacher ever. As long as you do the assignments, you will be fine. She does expect you to make an effort in your writing assignments. We read and discussed Persepolis. It was an interesting class and I learned a lot. I recommend her.
At first I hated this instructor-but this serves a purpose. He is the finest mathematics instructor I have ever had-cares a great deal about his students and is willing(if you meet in his office hours)to help you with any problem. By the time you are done with his course, many things will become clear.
He's a great teacher.But he is very sneaky.If a lot of students leave his class early,he will throw a lot of stuff on the test that wasn't in the book.It is a very easy class.he will try as hard as he can to get u a good grade.just make sure u go to offic
Great professor. Class is mainly him giving examples of problems exactly like test. He gives a lot of pop quizzes so you can't really miss class. His lectures are easy to understand and all homework is online. Tests are only 6-8 problems
This class was really a lot of fun. I had some really cute girls in it too, so , that made it even better. There are two exams, two papers, some reports, and a presentation. If you take it with this guy, you should be alright.
He is very sarcastic, which makes the class more interesting!
She's awesome. She's involved in her class and, you can tell she loves rhetoric. She's a good professor.
Go to class and take good notes and will get an A. Gives exam questions ahead of time and has a review session. Interesting class and she's hilareous.
Class was awesome, I learned so much. Take notes, do the readings, study, and you can get 100%+ on the exams. If you like thinking, this class is for you. If not, why are you in college?
We started this class Face to Face. Attendance was mandatory. There is a quiz at the beginning of every class. 4 exams and 1 Final. If you follow his lectures and do the work you will succeed. There were a lot of negative comments about him here but I really enjoyed his class. I respect his style of teaching. I highly recommend him!
He is an awesome teacher. If you just listen to his video lectures and take notes you would easily get an A. He gives many opportunities to gain points. Just go for it.
Take one of his classes!!! My absolute favorite professor ever. You won't want to miss this class. And he shows movies for extra credit, and they're great movies that I bet you haven't even heard of. I highly highly recommend him. You will laugh out loud in this class and actually learn relevant things about the world. Very interesting man.
Take this class. If you do, you'll be able to finish weeks before your other classes, ONLY IF YOU DO ALL OF THE WORK. You NEED to do everything to ensure an A and to finish early. Make sure to to the intl. Movies and International interviews. Also, if you search the lectures on youtube, speed them up to 2x the speed and get done in half the time.
I haven't felt the need to rate any other teacher but Tim, seeing as he's the best teacher I've ever had. For all you thinkers out there, I beg of you to take a class with him. You will learn so much about so many things...oh and the books you'll read..
Mr.Lyon is a coo teacher. Just don't text in class because he will call you on it in front of everybody. To pass the test, all you have to do is take notes; i did not read not one time. He is very helpful and even got me a internship.
GO TO CLASS!! He tells you EXACTLY what is on the exams and what you need to know out of the book. I took it 6-9 and we got out before 8 most of the time.
Wonderful professor. She is very helpful in office hours and has clear lectures. Exercises are time consuming, but you don't have to do all of them. Exams are straightforward and similar to practice exams. The length of exams can make them difficult, though. Overall, I highly recommend taking Dr. Kydd for this class.
Colton is a good guy. Class is weighted based on two exams and homework. I recommend him. His lectures are very clear and concise. He makes sure you understand the material. Exams like the homework. Study and you'll be fine.
He is the most amazing professor I have ever met at SDSU. This class is amazing, he really cares for all of his students and really expands your views on topics going around in the world today. He's very compassionate, loving, and very insightful. I'm not an education major but I recommend everyone of all majors to take this class.
Textbook required for exams. Exams based largely on lectures, so you need to go to class. Project is difficult. Grades fairly. Not too hard, but it's not an easy A. Have to work for your grade.
AHAHAHAHAHHA..LOL.. NOT MUCH ELSE TO SAY ABOUT THIS COURSE AND THE PROF.. THIS CLASS IS A JOKE...HAHAHA EASY A+... ITS MY FOURTH YEAR IN SDSU, AND ITS THE EASIEST CLASS I'VE EVER HAD !! THIS CLASS IS A MUST !! TAKE ALL CCS CLASSES FOR LOWER AND UPPER DIVISION YOU CAN TAKE WITH JACOBO.. ITS AN A FOR SURE !!!
Jacobo is AWESOME! Not only is he a great entertainer in the classroom but he also eduucates his students. If you do the reading and actually take good notes in class you will be able to maintain a B. He has the best personality to go along with his stunning looks.
jacobo is never boring, very knowledgeable, and willing to help and take crasher
Some comments are meant for Steve's son Scuba Steve, but the teacher Steve is the best teacher I've had at UD ever, and a great Dad! And Scuba, his son, is the man!
Great professor! He is very helpful, and very funny too! Every couple lectures, he quizzes students based on their homework, so if you do your homework, you'll do well on the quizzes. However, when a test comes, be prepared and make sure you mastered the material!
He is the most patient math teacher I've ever had; he would go over all of our questions before we started on new material. As long as you do the homework, you'll be fine. If anything, I might fault him for making the class too easy, but I understood everything 'til the end, so I guess it worked.
Professor Rysdahl is a great professor. Takes a subject most dont care about and brings it to the maximum of relevance. Got 3 on easiness cause of material, not him. Take him, you'll learn so much in his class.
I have taken three classes with her and love her! She is a great prof, who likes to push you and make you learn!
Absolutely amazing Professor. She makes the lectures fun and entertaining! All you have to do is read the material she assigns and you will do well on the exams. Neff keeps real and tells you like it is. I would recommend her to anyone!
THE best teacher i have taken at emu. her class is designed for students to succeed not like a lot of other class sit around a are given what's right in the book.
She's a really great teacher, and very understanding. She's a great professor at grand valley and would recommend her to anyone. Attendance is important if you want to pass and do all the readings. They are all on the exam.
Jenny is probably one of the easiest professors I have ever had. She basically tells you exactly what to expect on every test, and usually will give you about half of the questions with answers on the task in a powerpoint to quiz yourself on. She tries to make the lectures interesting, bust some are just boring. Would recommend her greatly.
He gives a lot of work. If you understand the material from the homeworks, passing is not a problem. However, the maple project is pain as my butt. Thoughtful test but fair! Nice and funny guy! I'd take him again.
I loved his class and I could tell that my writing has improved because of him. The classes were always interesting and entertaining. He is very intelligent and really funny. I tell everyone to take his class at least once.
One of the finest professors I've ever been fortunate to have. Taught me how to write. One of the top professors at Yale when I had him there as well. Hard but fair. Most importantly, he's brilliant. Now that I'm in Los Angeles and a screenwriter, people here refer to him all the time and with good reason, his work is extraordinary. Miss him still.
This was a tough class, but if you put in the time to studying and memorizing his course pack, you should be fine!
I really enjoyed having Professor Capodilupo. He's such a nice guy, always smiling. If you study the note pack that you buy from the bookstore you will do just fine. I bought the book but didn't crack it open once.
He is very informative and Super Cute!
She seems strict at the beginning but she's actually so nice and if you joke around with her, she will be more open and go along with your jokes. If you don't understand something she will go over it so many times and offer to help you after class. She gives out a lot of worksheets during class but you work on them in groups and it makes it fun!
Mr. Wright is the best teacher I have ever had so far at this college. Not only hillarious and sweet but cute too. Taking Mr.Wright is a must for anyone you wants an excellent Psy1a teacher. Also for anyone who wants to learn.
I love Dr. Edwards! She is very knowledgeable and if you do all the homework and labs you will learn lot in this class. I went to office hours weekly and this helped me tremendously. This is not an easy class but it is rewarding and I would definitely take it with her!
I've had him for just about every class he teaches, and I think he is way too easy. If you can't pass a Forbes class, either you don't show up, you never study, or you'll NEVER understand anything in science.
Awesome teacher- cares about students, more than willing to help, just ask!
Honors Eurociv was amazing. Swartzlander is definitely challenging, but you would be remised no to take this class. It's a lot of work, but at the end it's such a great feeling of accomplishment and challenge. Don't think twice, take her she's great.
Fantastic professor! He really will help you to understand the accounting and cares if you do well. The multiple choice on his tests are a little difficult, but the problems are just like the ones done in class. If you ask him questions during a test he'll help a LOT!
Professor Corcoran is the best! He is passionate about his teaching, and even though his lectures are long, I looked forward to them every week! He expects you to read the material and write a response paper each week. He is hilarious and incorporates lots of class discussion into his lectures. I highly recommend his class!
Don't even buy the textbook if you are going to go to class and take good notes. She tells you everything you need to know. Her tests are sometimes hard but if you think through them and study, it'll be fine. I had her for a 6-9 once a week class and she was hilarious and made the time fly by. I would love to take her again!!
Best teacher at UD, pay attention, and try to do well, and you will...
Not a class for lazy slackers. If you want to be a bio major, you'll know your stuff perfectly after his class. Worth the effort, not a hard class if you actually go. Tests are picky, but studying the material and asking questions helps. Easy material
the man is absolutley brilliant, funny and will do anything to help you out. his tests are hard, but so is the material. as long as you try...and study.. youll do fine. hes an amazing teacher!
I've taken both 185 and 186 with this man and have loved both classes. If you have to take inorganic chem he is who you want. His exam are pretty easy if you know the material and he is always willing to answer any questions you have. I made high A's in both courses.
He is a good teacher, and explains it well. The course material is difficult and complex, and the tests are somewhat hard. You have to be able to understand the material. The old tests great help and are on ecompanion. A lot of people do bad in the course, but that's just b/c they don't study.
Spencer is awesome! You can tell he really knows his stuff. Attendence is not mandatory, however his tests cover his lectures. If you miss, read the book. Also, going to the SI helps a lot. His tests can be difficult. Overall, Dr. Spencer is an amazing professor. I hope I can take another of his classes!
You want this man for RIT!!! Trust me. He explains things well and is very helpful in and out of class. Makes learning some pretty dull material halfway interesting. Also, has very reasonable expectations as far as workload (AKA easy).
Warners is a great professor! His lectures are always informative and interesting, though his grading can be a bit harsh at times. 10/10 would recommend!
She is very helpful. Go to class. Her notes are very clear and full of examples. She has 4 projects a semester, and you have a chance to earn extra credit. The projects were easy to complete and followed the book. Read the book. It is easy to understand and full of examples.
I took introductory economics with Elzinga in 1975. He is one of the 5 best teachers (kindergarten through law school) whose class I've had the pleasure of taking. He lectured on antitrust at a CLE program I attended four years ago. Still superb!
Prof. Brunjes is one of the best (if not the) lecturer's in the psyc department. His classes are consistently clear, despite the difficult subject matter, and often funny. Really hammer the book and take the sample tests and the actual tests should be easy. Best 200-level psyc course - no doubt!
Probably ... the best professor at UVA!!
She is a great professor, better than the ones I've had so far. She can EXPLAIN and is very patient. Her tests are very difficult, but it is possible to get an A! Pay attention or she'll call on you! Unless you've taken BC, study hard until you KNOW exactly what you're doing.
Amazing Professor! Really teaches you things you NEED to know! I became Queen of Recognizing Comma Splices after her course! I really love Dr. Keaney aka Winnie. She is just an amazing woman. If you have trouble and are falling behind, GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS and ask her for feedback! She is very caring.
Easily one of my favorite courses. The tests aren't too difficult if you attend lecture and pay attention. I can't say enough glowing things about Emery. He's a brilliant professor, and his lectures are absolutely fascinating.
Take any upper level Latin with Prof. Dillery. He's great.
Coffey is a good guy, he wants you to do well. If you show up to class and put in just a bit of effort, it goes a long way. He knows a LOT about teaching and education. Even though the course is boring, that's not his fault.
I had Dr. Burmeister way back in the 80s and he was great - one of the most personable profs I had at UD, the best in any Sci class. Tough but fair and willing to take extra time to help. If you can get a C in his class, you've actually learned something. I actually liked his side anecdotes, which broke up the barrage of chemistry information.
Professor Ross is the best professor I've had at USC. I'm in graduate school now and still feel that way. Yes, you have to study for her classes, but school is for learning. :p She does a fantastic job making Latin easy to learn.
Lark is one of my favorite professors that I have had. He is likely the smartest person I have taken a class from and he is good at explaining things. Assignments were designed to make sure that you knew and understood the material rather than make you fail. Also go to office hours! Enjoyable to talk to and has lots of cool stories.
Professor Mulally was extremely helpful when it came to having an issue outside of class. Strict about attendance but if you go to class and meet deadlines you should pass the class no problem.
All of the raters who are knocking him clearly aren't in college to really put an effort into their studies (English majors). He is brillant and HELPFUL if you put an effort into his class. Go to his office hours, and he'll explain things as much as necessary. He does care about his students.
I loved this class
I took financial simulation with him and it was my favorite class at gw by far. This class is different. If you're thinking about taking it, I would ask yourself if you really care of financial history. If you do, this is *great* course for you. If not, you will learn little to nothing. It sounds ironic as a finance major but its the truth.
I loved Professor Mohun! She really cares about her students are worries if you are not doing well. I was going through some issues and professor Mohun completely understood. She is a very compassionate person and teaches an interesting class.
First of all, Professor Bair is such a nice guy, and I enjoyed his class. This is a different type of class in that it is completely discussion based and there are no tests. The class is either extremely interesting or completely boring. This class is fairly easy, if you do the work, you will get an A for sure. Take LIB 100 with Bair!
Best writing professor!! She makes the class fun and entertaining. She can be a bit disorganized but as long as you participate and read you'll be fine!
Great Professor. Gives detailed note outlines, and tests directly out of them. He does have a lot of extra reading that you have to copy yourself from the library, but if you read them and study hard you will get an A. Exams are easy, but you must know your stuff to get finished on time.
AWESOME CLASS, AWESOME PROFESSOR,nuff said! Bolger is an awesome dude, he has tons of real life experience! I recommend Professor Bolger 150% Attendance is mandatory but he will work with you if you need to be gone, he realizes that we are adults. Easy exams, and executive briefings, and a group presentation. Georgia is the best!!!
Best professor I have ever had at Grand Valley. Loved her. Came into the class and immediately felt her passion, which instantly rubbed off on me. She made me want to change the world. Take her if you can! You will not regret it.
He's a good teacher, and a funny guy. His tests are easy as cake too.
Dr. Witucki did amazing adjusting to COVID related issues. Her class is challenging, but if you put in the work you'll do fine.
Dr. Giardina is a great professor and really knows her information. Her lectures are straight forward and as long as you take the notes on them, you will pass the quizzes (3-4) and tests (Midterm and Final). Highly recommend!
Wow..a lot of negativity about her! I liked her a lot, she was one of the easiest profs. I had, just ask her for help and she'll help you. She helped us a lot of our SPSS assignments and made sure that we understood what we needed to know before the tests. I don't what who says what, TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!
Really an awesome person and scholar. Hilarious and engaging, Shearer is one of the absolute best professors I have had at UD. His readings are guidelines, and your grade is entirely derived from three papers, typically 10 pages in length. Fantastic teacher and person.
Francescotti is hands down one of the top 3 professors in the department. His lectures are clear and lucid as are his expectations of his students. His lectures are never dull, and his random cursing outbursts make the class so much more enjoyable. The class isn't hard if you literally take notes--preferably on computer--on everything he says.
Take this teacher, never be bored in class! Explains very well. 3 tests, all essay questions, but if you write down what he says, you will have no problem getting an A in the class like I did. SOOOO easy to understand, just make sure you GO TO CLASS!
As an undergrad I took 4 of his classes and was very happy with his clarity, fairness, and style. One of the highlights of my SDSU experience.
Delph is a freaking sweet prof. He really knows his**** and it shows. He integrates a lot of very useful info into the lecture and reading. it helps solidify the material. If you want to actually get something about the class then this is the guy. He's not going to let you slack off and he WON'T hold your hand. This won't be an easy A.
I took his on-line class, there was a lot of reading to do. Other than that one discussion question a week and a half page essay. Gave extra credit before exams and then you can do two book reports for extra credit. If you do the work it's pretty easy, and you can always fall back on the extra credit.
I learned so much in this class. He teaches from a sociological point of view and it frames cj issues in a totally different light. Lots of work, but he is very generous in grading. Just a nice guy all around!
Smart, this guy is literally one of the world's leading authorities on white collar crime. I used to do research in the library and stumble across thick ass compendiums laden with his articles and theories. He's a good guy too.
Dr A is easily one of my favorite professors. You learn a lot in her class and she also keeps it fun and engaging. If you pay attention and take notes, the exams are easy. There's like 3 homework assignments where you read articles and answer questions. It is graded on completion and always reviewed in class.
Dr. Lessoff is great, he truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed. His lectures are not the best and he can get off topic or be confusing at times. I feel like he knows so much that he has a difficult time simplifying the material. I would not suggest this class for a non-major. If you are willing to ask for help he will help.
Montagna is amazing! I took him online so I probably didn't learn as much but he was so nice and helpful. The class is pretty easy as long as you read and do the quizzes and papers. but if you don't know the material, good luck. You have to read 3 books and have to write 3 big papers. There's a few timed exams and quizzes but nothing too bad.
Doug is a great guy and he genuinely enjoys having class with us. He is not looking to hurt your GPA, he grades with the assumption that you are a capable student. Also participation helps your grade but cannot hurt it, which I like. The books are fairly straight-forward, taking notes in class is very helpful if you don't want to read.
Great class. He takes two books with opposing views and allows the student to build their own opinion. No quizzes, two tests straight from the books, two short papers (3-5) and a final. No lame projects or busy work. Class is open forum. Probably one of the best professors in the history department.
Best english teacher I have ever had. Assigned readings are reasonable. Very helpful during class discussion. Helps you understand readings. Grades essays in a fair manner. Take as many of his classes as you can.
Ken's an awesome prof. He's very passionate ab English and he's a cool guy. Took him at nite and he lets out early pretty frequently. You have to go to class and take notes and you'll do fine. I didn't get the book until the week of midterms and I gotta B. He goes over everything that will be on his
Professor Tefera is brilliant and caring. If you do not miss class and put sufficient effort and work for Webwork and tests, you would be fine. I learnt a lot of algebra concepts and skills in this course. The professor is caring and I went to his office hrs frequently, he is helpful, friendly!
John is a really smart and genuine professor. He's not too tough on his students, just be sure to communicate if you have to miss a lecture. 221 was a really fun class overall and you will learn a lot if you stay engaged!
Constantelos was extremely proficient in his field and knows what he is talking about. A lot of people complain about this course being too hard for a 100 level course but if you put in the work it is not hard to succeed. As long as you attend class, PAY ATTENTION, take copious notes, and do the readings you will be fine. Cool, funny guy too.
this guy is way legit. he's prolly the best prof ive ever had at GV. He's makes it easy and fun to learn (as wrong as that sounds)...you all should TOTALLY take him! he also cares abou8t how well you do, and wants you to do well in the class....exams arent bad if you just go to class
A very good teacher, knows his stuff. Take notes and keep up with the reading
good class to take for science + lab requirement. JUST GO TO CLASS AND TAKE NOTES!!! she gives out test answers in class so make sure to take note of that. also make friends in class incase you are unable to make it a day. for the lab there are practicals you can't miss so be aware of that!
Great instructor, a little difficult because it is a lot of material but as long as you attend each lecture and take good notes you will pass. Drops your lowest test grade which is very helpful. Her study guides are great as well. She is also very funny. The only assignments are 4 quizzes and 4 exams so it is very test heavy. There is no homework
Great teacher and pretty funny. If you use the study guide she supplies to you then you'll be fine. She will call you out if you're on your phone or sleeping. Good and interesting class too.
She is a great professor, very passionate and funny. I looked forward to her lectures. She does make you work for your grade and definitely take good notes in class. No extra credit offered but overall a great class.
Just go to class! don't even need the book. her lectures are perfect and easy. she's cool too, easy going.
This was a fun class. She's a really good professor, she makes the class interesting and really wants you to understand everything she teaches.
Great professor. Hot!
I took STAT200 during winter session and he made the layout so easy to understand and gave ample time to complete assignments. He is willing to work with you and provides extensions when necessary. Overall a great prof and I would not take this class with anyone else
Really nice teacher- online class is super easy. He gives you all the resources you need to do well in the class. Definitely recommend for online stat 200!
Professor Duke is the best professor I have had so far. He genuinely does care about his students, but it is a huge lecture typically, so use his office hours and he will really help you out. Tests are the exact problem sets (conceptually) so if you do them youll be fine (also a HUGE curve). Attendance isnt mandatory but definitely helps.
Best professor I've had so far! Chris is a wonderful teacher. She is smart, funny, and gets along well with all the students. She was never in a bad mood and I always enjoyed being in her class. Class is moderately difficult, with readings, a paper, and co-curriculars to attend. If you take LIB 100, take professor Drewel!! :)
Sipka is the best guy you'll ever meet. He is very thorough in his explanations, not to mention how funny he is. He also enjoys recieving phone calls at home since no one ever calls him. So if you have a math question, feel free to call.
One of the most knowledgable, fair, open-minded, enjoyable members of the Business Dept. faculty. You'll learn a lot, but you'll work for it. I don't know anyone who dislikes this guy! Thanks for the incredible letter of recommendation.
He shows a genuine interest in helping students improve their writing. His lectures were clear and he was always very helpful. His grading system is also pretty stress-free. If you are interested in improving your writing, he is the professor to take.
Scott is such an amazing professor! He is the best looking professor at the college. He definitely knows his stuff, cares about the students, and he is super understanding! Take as many of his classes as you can because he is amazing!
Best teacher I've ever had, without question. People wine about the tests being hard, but if you actually read the book and study a little before hand they're not that bad. I got an A in this class and I did less actual work than in all my other classes.
He is so sweet and cares so much about all of his students! If you do the work you'll most likely get an A. Highly reccomend.
BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!! Easy A class of you take him. He gives you the questions on tests before hand and doesn't let you leave without knowing all the answers. Just study and get an A on the test. Super funny in class with examples. Even if you are not "into" theater you will not dread this class. He even posts lecture notes on BB if you missed!
Tom is awesome. Very down to Earth and great sense of humor. He wants you to do well in the class. Gives you all tests and papers way ahead of time!
Easily one of my favorite professors at State. Very easy to communicate with and clearly passionate about teaching. His class is hard, but he is very fair with his grading and what he allows students to do on tests and in class.
Very good teacher. Would take him again.
Mr. Ivey is the BEST! If you fail this class you never had interest in accounting. I HIGHLY recommend him
Online Course. One of the best teachers at BC! So helpful and responded to emails quickly whenever I had questions and never left me hanging asking, "now what?" Doing the tax forms at the end was a little hard, but the payroll part was easy, especially if you're familiar with the software. Highly recommended! :)
Loved my class with Cowser. Took eng243 with him and learned a lot. Don't take his course unless you love to write, because theres a lot of writing and he expects a lot. Really makes you think and complete a lot of drafts which leads to better writing.
Professor Brockmann is a great teacher! He taught me how to look at classical literature in a different way. And, the journals and papers we wrote really improved my critical thinking and writing skills. He loves creatvity!!! Be creative and think outside the box in class and on your assignments!The classroom atmosphere is really relaxed and fun!
Johnson will make you laugh and teach you in ways that you've never thought of before. This class is difficult to keep on top of; I would reccommend taking him when you are serious. If you do all of the homework, you'll more than pass. He gives extremely good study guides and causes great study habits. Take him if you want to learn.
The most brilliant and experienced professor I've met yet at CC. If you listen to and think about what Dr, Heredia says, you won't regret it.
Sommers is awesome! I never thought I would survive this class, finance was so intimidating to me. If you do the HW probs, go to the review sessions, ask any and all questions you have you will be absolutely fine!
His multiple choice can be tough, but he's an awesome teacher and probably one of the smartest at the school. He respects the fact that you take more than just his class, and he's an understanding person. His class isn't a freebie, but if you go and put forth any kind of effort you will learn a good deal. Not enough good things to say. Got a B.
If you don't take Bell for one class while you are at Kettering, you are a fool.
The best instructor I have ever had. GR Bell is the man! You learn more in his chem class than in any other chem class, but you don't even know you learned it. He makes his class fun and if you get him you just pay attention, ask questions, try on the exams, and you get an A. I want to take his class over again just for fun.
Awesome professor, an absolute genius. If you can get a class with him, take it. Class isn't altogether hard if you study and stick with the notes. His cribs are your best friend. Awesome guy.
Best math profesor I have ever had. Not an easy teacher, but is very smart and knows how to teach. All ME's should take him because you will learn and get a fairly good grade. Very good cribs!!
I really enjoyed having Dr. Matt as my professor. He made my 7 week summer course fly by. He is extremely funny, and he really has a passion for what he teaches. He makes A&P very interesting. I did not really get a lot out of his lectures, however, if you put in the time outside of class and actually read the textbook, you will do just fine.
Excellent teacher, the best I've ever had. Great sense of humor, really knows/enjoys what he teaches. Class is not easy, but he makes learning fun and interesting. I was never good at science, but after taking his class I plan on getting a degree in science after I finish the degree I'm getting now.
Show up to class and to all conferences and there is no way anyone should get lower than a B in this class. He tells you what to fix in your paper. Make the changes and you'll be fine.
Take him if you can! Tried to make a boring class fun!
Bonvillian is a great professor! He can be hilarious at times and he is just really enthusiastic all in all. And yea if you study old tests you will do great!
Goode is the man, he knows his stuff and you will too, take him at any cost
Easiest class I've taken at UD so far. Kaplan is by far the most laidback prof I've ever met on this campus. He's more interested in showing you that reading/writing doesn't have to be a chore than anything else. So long as you show some effort and/or improvement, you'll get an A.
Professor Cannon is the best prof at GV, he saved my life.
Nice guy and good prof. I'm a business major, so a lot of the material greatly contradicted what I have been taught. Even so, as long as you explain your viewpoints, you will do good.
HE is an awesome teacher! He made me actually like sociology! He really cares for his students. Take him! You won't be sorry!
Very good teacher!!
By far one of my all time favorite profs. He is totally absent minded but brilliant. Entertaining, interesting, and easy going, I will take ANY class that he teaches!
Norma is by far the best professor at Central. If you're interested in Middle Level education, go talk to her. She has such a ridiculous amount of knowledge on adolescents and wants to make you the best teacher possible. Also, if you want a classroom full of close friends, sign an MLE minor.
I loved this class. It helps if you're not sure if you want to teach or not. She's very enthusiastic, especially having the class at 8am. The work is easy, yet thought provoking. Take this class, you won't regret it!!
Very interesting, I got a lot out of the class, tests are hard, but you can still get an A :)
Whitey keeps things interesting and is a very understanding professor. Even if literature analysis isn't your thing, he's a very fair grader as long as you put the effort in. Highly recommended, one of my favorite professors thus far.
He really knows his stuff and cares about making you into a great teacher. Yes, the quizzes are a pain, but the rest of the class was really useful.
This was the best professor I ever had at Hofstra. Actually made me want to go to class. His humor made the time fly. The readings are pretty demanding but if you show you put the effort in and participate he'll ease up on the grading.
Quizzes are hard but if you show effort and do all the work, bad quiz grades won't kill you. Other then the quizzes he is a great teacher with a wonderfuly fun personality that makes a class with him worth taking!
Torff is by far one of the kindest, and fairest teachers that I've had. Be prepared for the hardest quizzes on earth. In each class my average quiz had only 1 or 2 right answers but I still got a B in 151 and a B+ in 102. If you do the assignments, and presentations you can't fail. Tip: start your Journals early, if you don't you'll be sorry.
nice prof. don't bother buying the book -just take good notes and you'll do well
One of my favorite teachers at Southwestern. You will have to take a lot of notes but she makes the class so entertaining that it's no big deal. She is very quirky and extremely helpful and she tells you what to study for tests. Just watch out for the group projects. Make time outside of class for those. Also, she is very easy on the eyes. ;)
Learned a lot abour management
His notes are online, he meets with you whenever you want, even if you DON'T attend class, and his wacky grading makes your grade higher than it should be. The only thing you have to do is study for the tests. To do well in any class you have to study.
Dr. Halsell is a great professor! The class was a little hard, but hey it's Biology! I enjoyed the class and would definately take another one with her.
I love everything from Barb, such a great teacher, all the way from her soft and slow pace to talk and explain, up to her way to doing the interviews, that by the way were all very interesting. She is a great inspiration.
Mark Poindexter is a university teacher. Do the reading. Show up to class. Take notes. He is a very intelligent and experienced individual, and I feel privileged to have taken a class with him. His knowledge is vast and his lectures might challenge what you think you know. But tests and assignments are fair and incorporate readings and lecture.
I enjoyed listening to his lectures and I learned a lot
You have to read the textbook. The tests are strange. Lots of Youtube videos.
Anyone who rates Prof. Allison poorly is wrong. He is so funny, has interesting lectures, and gives plenty of easy assignments to raise your grade. He doesn't take attendance often but will take it on occasion using a Canvas assignment (you can cheat this if you have a friend in the class). But the exams can be difficult if you don't pay attention.
Professor Allison was an amazing professor. He was so personable and make lectures so interesting. Super easy work but all important and connects back to the course material. If you pay attention in class it's an easy A!
Go to class, sudy notes, attend lab, the class is not challenging. But you need to be active. Great teacher and very obvious she wants her students to pass.
I can't say enough nice things about him. He gives awesome lectures and he's so funny. His tests are very fair and you'll do fine if you study what he gives you. I've learned so much from him, take him if you can!!
He explains everything very well and the exams are not bad. The paper is killer...doesn't really explain and it but other than that he is a great professor and you will learn so much about Congress....more than anyone should know!
The bestest, easiest, funniest, enjoyably amazing class I've taken my entire life. He's so awesome! Sometimes I saw him riding his little bike with his yellow showercap on. He's a great professor and a counselor. I LOVE ABRAHAMSON
Best Prof at school! AMAZING, interesting, smart! You will want to go to class
great guy! very clear! get him if you can!
Rees is a great professor. He knows what he is talking about. The class is not easy, and the book is not very helpful either. In fact, I never read any of the chapters, just attend class and pay attention. The tests are fair if you attended the lectures. At the end of the semester, he does curve everyone's grade.
WOW! WOW! WOW! The best math teacher I have ever had!!! I always hated math and now I love it. He totally goes over everything and over it if need be. If he would "get frusted at a student for not getting it," then it would be because he already explained it 3-5 times and your not getting a part that you should have learned high school. I used
I learned a lot and the expectations for the class are clear. I took the computer class and enjoyed it immensely. He took time to make sure everyone understood the subject and repeatedly went over the homework. If you keep up with the homework and don't get behind, you will do fine.
Mr. Huffman is an amazing teacher! You learn so much and have a lot of fun! Very easy grader! I would very strongly recommend taking this class!
Norm is a great teacher. He tries to make the class as interesting as possible. Be sure to bring your laptop to keep you busy. Attendance isn't mandatory, however there are 10 in class assignments through out the semester that you have to be there in order to get the points. As long as you do the study guides and "practice quests" it's an easy A.
Norm is a good Teacher. being he is working on his PHD he knows how students are. He is smart in his field. Cares about students. i recomend to take norm for any course he teaches. Im not saying his classes are easy, but you will learn a lot......
If you read the chapters and know the book front and back you'll do fine. I went to class about 3 times and I ended up with an A- in his class. (Although I definitely could have gotten an A if I had gone to class, so it's recommended). Just make sure you understand that chapters and you'll be fine. He is tricky though.
Great Teacher, very funny, and very fair.
Huss is great. He definitely expects a lot from students, and you will absolutely have to study, but I loved his class. He makes everything fun and approachable, and he's hilarious. He explains everything in a way that's understandable, and makes the class fun. Would definitely take him again.
Very good professor. He really cares about you as a student. He will make sure you do well in the class. Four tests, a paper and 4 hw assignments. It's totally managable to get a good grade with him. Pluse he's a fun guy and will make sure you enjoy class.
Such a good guy. He encourages participation but won't call on anyone bc he didn't like that when he was a student. You need the book if you don't attend class, but if you go and take notes on everything, the tests and term project are completely from the notes and really easy. Ask him if you don't understand anything, he's super helpful!!
knows his****. would take him again. lots of hw though. and need to study if you don't study or do the work then you won't do good in the class
Wow! Great, passionate instrutor. Very excited and loves his students. Makes class fun and interesting. Never a dull moment and that is great. Everyone should try and take a class from him. He will tell you everything you didn't know and tell you why you never knew it!!!
Tom is the best teacher you will ever have. He relates so well to students, and while he doesn't really care about grades, he wants you to learn something in his class. The mythology he taught wasn't straight-up Greek/Roman mythology, and he made it extremely interesting. Take this class.
Great Professor!! Lectures very interesting and the tests are not very hard as long as you listen to the lectures and read the text.
His lectures are very clear, and he gets right to the point!
He was a great teacher. I loved this course, even more so because he was so passionate about his beliefs and work.
He is very crazy and has a great teaching ability.
Grenquist is one of the coolest teachers at WIT. he is full of random knowledge is is pretty cool to know. I bombed the first test hard but did good on the next 2 so he dropped it. each test is only 10 percent of your grade. labs are easy and he gives you answers for all the hw problems. I strongly recommend him
Grenny is a nutcase, which keeps classes interesting. He knows everything and beats it into your head until it sticks. If you make no effort, you'll fail. If you find yourself using knowledge you gained at WIT after graduation, chances are he taught it
He is a great teacher. He doesn't teacher any freshmen level classes (100 level) so he isn't going to be easy. His teaching is 100% effective, so he is doing a great job, in my opinion. Jack is awesome!
very good teacher ... he really cares about what he's doing.
This guy knows his stuff. He can point out the textbook's inaccuracies and knows details about a lot of political happenings. Tests aren't the easiest, but it's an interesting class.
Quite possible the best professor I've ever had. The man is brilliant and never puts down anyone else's views. He always takes a moment to consider them and compare them to his own to see if he's made a mistake. Very admirerable
I would take him again
Jerry is the best teacher on that campus. Not just educationally, but he also teaches life lessons through reading. I hate reading, but he made it fun.
Mr. Hess is incredibly helpful and really wants everyone to succeed. He makes things easy to understand and if you have questions he never makes you feel stupid and always is very clear and helps you understand the problem. He's a great math teacher. Recommended.
She is a very good instructer who wants to be sure her students understand what is being taught. Do the extra credit. Use the study guide and really know the essay questions. She is always willing to answer questions.
Awesome instructor. She is hard and expects a lot out of you. But if you listen and ask questions, you will have no problem. Do your work and do it right and you will pass!!
great teacher read your assignments and you will do fine grades easy
definitely the best teacher i ever had...she is great and you really learn a lot from her
He is a very knowledgeable and funny teacher. I am glad to have had him as my teacher.
Just put in the work and you will pass. Its not difficult as long as you keep up. Professor is extremely willing to answer questions.
This class was very easy, and the prof did a good job. everything was well taught. if you get the chance, then take her. very easy gen ed.
She is a hard teacher but a good one. Especially for accounting. She gives a lot of work but in accounting practice helps alot.
Very old school, funny guy. I am not a fan of economics, but Ballard makes it interesting. He doesn't post his content, so you have to go to class to get the notes.
Extremely friendly guy, always tries to interject humor into lessons. Easy to approach and very helpful. As long as you attend class and take notes, you will 4.0 it.
super easy if you go to most of the classes and read the book. very upfront.
(BUSY, Adult student)She is one of the best teachers I have had. I am not that great at Algebra, and taking it online scared me. She worked me through everything, and responded to all of my questions quickly! I met her for extra help, and she would send me encouraging emails after tests. She cares about you, your grades and is understanding.
Dr. Lombardi is an amazing professor. He is brilliant, cares for his students and for this wacked out world and is making a difference in waking people up. If you read any reviews of people who hate him, it is because they likely care more about Versace Yankoff and reality TV than real life. Best professor on campus.
Jennifer Hower is the best stats professor you could take. She makes the material so easy to learn and allows for absolutely zero stress. As long as you do the homework, you will pass easily! Take this professor if you are looking for an easy stats class.
great teacher. very organized and does her best to make sure students get good grades. she gives alot of easy points out. if you put a little work into her class its an easy A
Wonderful professor. Cares about students, has interesting readings. Yeah, you need to do some work, but you can learn a lot.
Very easy to understand. Excellent teacher! wonderful.
Mr. Lee is a great prof who is looking to genuinely help his students learn, all you have to do is ask. His grading system isn't the friendliest but you'll actually learn the material in his class. Also, the guy REALLY knows what he's talking about.
Sang Lee is a wonderful instructor. His English is very good despite what anyone else here has to say. If you are lazy and need someone to reward you just for showing up then you're better off staying home. If you want to learn algebra and learn it well then Mr Lee is the teacher for you.
Mr. Lee is a very good teacher and a really nice guy. He want's every one to to do well and will push back test dates if he thinks the class doesn't quite understand the material. Gives a lot of quizes all of which are take home. You have to try to not get an A.
Professor Hulst is awesome. He is very caring and understands if you are having trouble keeping up. His class was very easy with a few easy assignments and essays. Attendance is mandatory, although I did not go very often and I still ended up with an A.
Craig is one of the most flexible writing professors at GV for first year writing! Gives good feedback on every draft, and is really understanding of any situation you might find yourself in. An easier grader than most, but portfolios are graded by multiple profs. Schedule him if you can!!
He is very kind and flexible with class work while being upfront about student responsibilities. Great teacher and works with you, but not a pushover. Put in the effort and you will do well in his class.
Great professor! I didn't want to take the class but I'm glad I did. Learned a lot and he's an overall cool guy. I would recommend him for any class he teaches.
He is firm on his rules (no phones, show up to class, do the readings) but they are fair expectations. His lectures are great. He takes difficult subjects and makes them much easier to understand. If you do the readings and study for the exams ( you can't wait last minute for either) you'll learn a lot and enjoy yourself in the process.
This guy is as good as they get. He is real, down to earth, energetic, and funny. He is willing to work with students, and cover issues until they are understood. He expects the maximum potential of every student to be reached. He "educates" you for the "real" world. No B.S.
Best professor in Sociology at GVSU! You have to work, but you learn so much.
Very good teacher. Syllabus was clear on what was required. A LOT of reading required, but I don't mind reading so it was fine. Very helpful teacher. Recommend taking her class if you can get in.
if you do the listening and come to class youre set always happy & interesting
This guy is the best teacher I have ever had. So much so that I decided to wait to take my credits until I could take it with him. He has his political tangents that I disagree with but that doesn't matter. He assigns like 300 points all year with TONS of extra credit. I didn't do any of it, but it is mostly movies. I hope to see him teaching 109!
This class has 2 papers and 2 exams. You need to learn the concepts to pass the exams. Take your time and research your paper topics. He is a tough but fair grader. He honestly made me a better writer and I'm happy I took his class.
Professor Bullock is absolutely amazing. This is my second class in a row with him, and I have already signed up for my third consecutive class. Bullock is one of the main reasons my writing has grown so much. His feedback is amazing and he truly cares about his students. Everyone in the english department should take a class with Bullock!
Professor Bullock said at the start of the semester that this class would change the way I thought about things and he was right. He's funny but intense and puts lots of notes on the board so you need to come to class, but I always wanted to anyway because of the good discussions. He's a great teacher and I hope to have him again.
He is a wonderful professor. I have never had someone help me so much with my writing.
He is a really cool professor. As long as you pay attention, take notes, ask questions, and do the readings you will do fine. A lot of studying is involved for the midterms and you may need to go in a few times to clear up some questions. Sometimes he will go off in a tangent and might get annoying, but he comes back to reality after a bit.
Dr. Martinez was extremely helpful. I feared this class coming in because I knew very little about politics but he was very informative. If you take notes and follow the outlines...You will do great in his class!
M. Martinez is one of the smartest and most competent professors in campus. The people who can't follow his lectures are just not ready for "real" college courses. Take his course, you'll learn a lot more than with any other professor in this de
Great Professor ! i took History of California and he really knows his subject. You wont get bored at all. His mustache is super sexy too. He really cares about you understanding the material. He's a great story teller.
Awesome teacher. Very fun and informative class. He doesn't grade as shrewdly as some history professors, but the class isn't a breeze. Study hard and show up for lecture, and you'll do great.
Mr. Beeman is a class act. If you want an A in this class, it is yours. All you have to do is follow instructions and take notes. He has made himself available to meet with me everytime I have asked. Thanks Mr. Beeman for introducing me to my new major!
In Acting 1, I do not know a single person who didn't enjoy him. He is a fair grader who grades you according to your own ability. It's sad that only the few student who didn't appreciate him are the ones on here rating him. I recommend this teacher to everyone. Try and you'll succeed..obiously other raters didn't. He is knowledgable and rocks. :)
Great teacher, funny funny man. take his class
Terry is the nicest teacher ever. She is also very helpful. Even though I already knew a lot about computers, she just gave me space and let me work on my own but always made sure I was doing ok. I always noticed that she was always helping the students that needed to be helped. Very excellent teacher!!!
Excellent professor. Very easy class if you pay attention and do the work. Made class fun and entertaining. Definitely recommend.
She was fabulous! She made learning so interesting and fun that you really didn't need to study. You learn it all in class. It was the best class and the best teacher that I've ever had. You would be dumb not to take her!
Dr. Cerutti is truly a man who can tell a story. If you find the material interesting then this is a class you will definitely look forward to. Exams were a breeze AS LONG AS YOU SHOW UP. He makes it very clear at the beginning of the course attendance is not mandatory BUT as long as you show up to class it is the easiest A you will ever get.
He is literally the best professor I've had at ECU. His classes are EASY as long as you ATTEND class. He will literally tell you the answers on the quizzes for CLASS2400 during class and gives TONS of extra credit. I'm also in his CLAS3405 and you have to attend every class to know the questions on the tests But his class is so interesting its fun
Most entertaining professor I have had by far. He is absolutely hysterical. His lectures are fun making the material easier to understand. Class is spent going over homework and you get a word of the day that will be on the exam. Incredibly difficult to do badly in the class if you pay attention and attend EVERY class. You won't regret taking him.
He's really an awesome guy. All you have to do is go to class and volunteer to read, and you're guaranteed an A. His quizzes are really easy and you don't have a midterm or final exam. Enjoy him! He's awesome.
I took Bajic for CS107, and I'm currently taking his class for CS108. One of the best teachers at State. Teaches programming like it was elementary math. No other teacher could make me grasp what Object-Oriented programming is. You won't use the textbook much, not necessary to buy, but it definitely helps.
He's a great teacher, he doesn't just give you the answer, he makes you work for it so you can actually understand what to do next time. He's pretty funny too, and he hates java and will tell you this repeatedly.
Such a great teacher. He will make programming clear if you are willing to learn. He works very hard and is accessible to all his students. Programming is tough to teach, but he has 107 and 108 down.
THIS CLASS IS PROBABLY THE EASIEST COURSE I HAVE EVER TAKEN. I NEVER WENT TO CLASS AND PULLED AN A- IN THE CLASS. JUST PRINT THE STUDY GUIDES AND STUDY THEM FOR THE MIDTERM AND FINAL. GETTING AN A IN THIS CLASS IS LIKE CHEATING.
He is very smart, funny, patient and hard-working.
Dr. Bloem's class can be at times confusing but her passion for the subject overrides anything else. She is hands down my favorite professor at GVSU. If you don't put the effort in or ask questions, the class will of course be difficult. It is a college class, she is not there to hold your hand and take you step by step.
He is a great guy, and he legitimately cares about his students. His lectures are very insightful. However, it seems that the final exam and many of the test questions are forcing you to memorize his opinions/arguments. Overall, his teaching style could be more objective. Despite being very nice and intelligent, he can be egotistical at times.
Trefzger gets a bad rep from kids the class who blow off his advice. Finance isn't easy, but if you do the practice problems and pay attention in class, you can get an A. DO NOT BUY THE BOOK.
Great professor all around. More than willing to help and spend as much time with students as necessary. A large curve for the overall class. If you can't get at least a B in this class, you did not try.
Excellent course, learned a lot
I wasn't interested in taking history of rock n roll at all, given I don't really like the genre. However, this has by far been one of the most easy and fun classes I've taken so far. All you need to do is study hard before the test and you are guaranteed to get an A+. No need to go to class. Highly recommend.
Andy is truly the best professor I have had here at IU. He is genuine, passionate, and extremely funny! He is very engaging and his lectures are the complete opposite of dry. I had him for History of Rock 'n Roll and his notes are very minimal. You spend the majority of each class day watching video clips of famous, older, rock 'n roll artists!!
He's amazing! He's such an interesting guy and you can really see his passion and understanding for music throughout the lectures. If you don't like the music, there's no point in taking the class because you have to listen to it a lot. Definitely have to put work into the class and have to attend because he doesn't post notes online!
This has been one of my favorite classes while at IU. Andy is a fantastic professor and I found him to be extremely entertaining. I never wanted to miss class. I highly recommend any of his classes. He's so great.
Great professor. Funny, knows his stuff, and wants to know what students think about the subject, in general and specifically. If you listen to the songs and go to class (I don't see why you wouldn't want to go to his class), you'll get an A. It's not that his tests are ridiculously easy, but rather that he teaches so well.
I loved this class, and Dr. Gebrewold is very responsive with online classes. You will have to write a lot of short papers, but you learn from them and he is an easy grader. The text is very interesting.
Great person and teacher, you can get a lot of value from his experiences and knowledge if you try
MY FAVORITE PROFESSOR. He's so passionate about what he does and makes the class so fun. The lectures are long but so entertaining. There's never a dull moment.
Best professor I had in college. I can't say enough good about him or his classes. If you leave IU without having him as a teacher, you're absolutely missing out.
Dr. Wellman genuinely cares about her students and how they are doing in class. The exams are hard because the material is hard. Go to class, pay attention, and use her office hours! I LOVED this class and Dr. Wellman!
Don is awsome he gives people free advice.he is currently on a google ban so he wont let you use google in his class. if you do minus ten points. Very knowledgble great for co 110 don rocks.
This class has a lot of material, but if you go to class and do the exercises and the homework, it will set you up for good grades on the exam. Some topics are difficult to grasp, but professor head answers questions really well. Main thing is do the homework with purpose because it is just like the exams.
Julie is great. She makes the class interesting, which is difficult with accounting. Cares about her students. She's pretty funny too.
A good professor that can explain the material in a way that a beginer can understand it and use it. If you listen to what she says, you will be all set.
Great professor, funny nice guy. very understanding and helpful. i would recomend him to anyone!
Best math professor ever! I've never been good at math but I earned a B+ in his class. He's very enthusiastic about teaching and makes sure to thoroughly explain everything.
Dr. McNally explains everything clearly and in a way that sticks with students, and is always willing to help. Even if you have little or no interest in computer science, Dr. McNally will change your perceptions.
One of the best teachers at Alma. About S term Stratton knows more than you think. He smelled and saw behavior but without direct proof. He sadly laughed at the scammers, since ****s can't really hide. He is kind and said he didn't send you home for he HOPED you might meet the people downstairs though he thought the time for you was not right.
He's a really nice guy and a good teacher. Sometimes he gets a little boring, but it's not too bad. He's knowledgeable and helpful, but he IS kinda a tough grader sometimes. Just be prepared to be challenged a little.
She is a great teacher. Sometimes class goes a little slow. She only tests on things you went over, and usually gives a review very similar to the tests. I recommend her to everyone!
UPI text is not the greatest, but the assignemts and tests are totally helpfull....there is a LOT of homework and stuff, but as long as you put forth an honest effort and pay attention in class, its an easy A....THIS CLASS IS NOT FOR THE SLACKER!!
best teacher ive had so far, i had already taken cal in highschool so it was pretty easy for me and i even though i slept through a lot of it for that reason, when i didnt sleep he made me laugh a lot. if you do what ur supposed to in this class you will probably get an A
very interesting. he knows what he is talking about, and is enthusiastic about it.
mrs. bezile is a great prof. she wants you to do well in the class and shows you what you screwed up on so you know exactly what to fix on assignments.
She is a wonderful prof! passionate about her work and wants her students to do well.
She's a great teacher. I learned alot from her class. Now i'm not nervous to talk in front of a group or class.
Professor Cochran is a very good teacher. He is extremely interested and well-informed in his subject matter and makes it clear for those who are not interested in it. Personally, his World Epics class was my favorite course that I have taken so far.
Great teacher! Really wants his students to succeed and loves history. Very well informed and is an interesting lecturer. If you take American History with him you have to read the book for quizzes but the quizzes and tests are easy as long as you study for a few hours. Easy and informative A.
This is a great teacher! He's an adorable old man, always happy and has actually had a super interesting life. I highllyyy recommend him you'll love him!
Very nice guy with a lot of interesting stories and insight to international relations. Class is in a dark, windowless room and can be very, very boring, but the class is easy if you study. Take Purvis's class if you have the chance. You will learn quite a lot.
Hoyt is awesome. He's intelligent and although his class is very dry and quite boring because he talks with a monotone voice, its easy. If you study for at least a few hours the day before the test you'll be good to go. His tests are very cut and dry and you know exactly what will be on them. He's a cute little old man with a dry sense of humor!
Purvis has a very subtle sense of humor and doesn't take class too seriously. He is a real cool guy to talk to, huge sports fan. Grades very easy, takes attendance, which is weird for a class of about 150 or more.
There is no doubt that this class is difficult, but Prof. Simendinger is a very high quality professor. He will teach you something that will be valuable after you graduate even if you're not a management. I would reccomend him if you're willing to work hard for your grade, but also learn a lot of pratical and technical information
difficult class but you will learn a lot. You need to speak up a lot its part of business
Dr. Brewer was an amazing professor who made Chemistry much easier to understand. She provided resources to help you succeed in the class.
Dr. Brewer is probably one of the best professors at the University. She has such a deep understanding behind all the chemistry we learn about . If she could help out a student in any way academically, she would because she is such a gem. She cares a lot about her students' success. Also, she makes difficult material easy through her lectures.
She is definitely a great professor, especially if this is one of the first classes you will be taking in college. Unlike some of the other professors in who do chem 1 and 2, her lectures cover concepts as well as problems, while other professors do only example problems. She is incredibly kind and available for help as well. Nothing bad to say.
GREAT teacher! Really knows the information well and is always there to help students succeed. DO NOT TAKE ANYONE ELSE FOR CHEM 2! (and if you do, go to Brewer's lectures so you can pass). Great class. Significantly harder than Chem I (material wise) but there is lots of help available! TAKE BREWER!!!
Mrs. Brewer is hands down the best college professor I've ever had. She constantly reminds her students that she is there to help you and will go over the material until you understand. Best Univ. Chem I teacher at the university
She is always so enthusiastic in class, and it makes you excited to be there too. She explains everything perfectly. If you just pay attention in class and do the homework, the class is pretty easy with Brewer as your instructor. Highly recommend her over anybody!!
If you go to class and drill AND complete all of the homework. You will make at the very least a B. She's very gracious with her curve.
Great professor, very helpful and provides funny and relevant answers. You do need to study and read the book but if you do you should be able to get an A. Does give pop quizes in class but if you show up its an easy 100%
Britton is awesome! He is probably one of my favorite teachers at the U of A. He makes lectures very interesting. The tests are not that hard. All you have to do is study.
If you think Dr. Britton is a difficult test giver then you are obviously not reading the text and studying. He's a great teacher and I would reccomend him to anyone.
Robert Stapp was an amazing teacher. He made class so much fun because of his enthusiasm. He's so funny. Just go to class because he gets the majority of his test questions from the notes.
Very smart but repeats alot. Just need to go to class one day a week and you can ace the quiz. Great teacher.
He is the best professor around. Girard always knnows how to explain the course materal when we don't fully understand the subject.
He's a Phi Gam!
One of the few entrepreneurship teachers that has actually (and very succesfully) actually started businesses. Teaches from experiences, not books. Uses real examples of companies, no BS theory in this class.
Dr. Espie makes it very clear what you need to know for the exam. If you come to the exams unprepared, it's not her fault. There is a lot of information so you better start studying early! She always makes time for office hours and review sessions before exams. Thank you. Love the new hair.
Moody is a fantastic, insightful man. His lectures are always interesting and engaging. He is an interesting character, sometimes incorporating humor into his lectures. He gives you a study guide for the test a week before, and they're the exact same questions on the exam. And if you don't do so well on an exam, you can ask him to meet and retake.
He's a really cool guy, one of my favorite professors really easy to learn explains pretty much anything
He is an amazing professor. He makes the material very easy to understand and he has the best real life examples through his own life experiences. Tests are super easy
Awesome teacher. Very clear and provides all the resources you need. His tests are easy if you go to class and read the book with his slides. A little boring at times, but that is operations. He truely cares about your grade and will help you anytime.
Best teacher on campus, will help you with anything you need, but you have to want to work and do good in his class. Hillarious!
I think the people complaning about Dr. Harrie are all just lazy students. If you do the assigned reading, come to class, and take good notes you'll learn what she wants you to know. This isn't high school so expect some work. I'm not a history major and have an A without much effort.
She is a very good professor. I am only halfway in and everything she has taught has been very clear and concise. The main thing is not to get behind in the reading. If you get behind one day, it will take you forever to recover, because the material is a lot to know and cover in just ten weeks. If you are confused, she will definitely help you.
In her class we read 12 full books, had four 5-6 pg papers and a white paper of 40+ pages. While she is amazing her coursework is EXTREMELY time consuming. She is a very picky grader and few students ever got an A or B on her papers. If you have a lot of time to dedicate to her class take it, if not I'd take another inta 489 teacher.
Love him! He is a hard teacher, but this is college! He challenges students to work hard so they will actually learn something. He's a wonderful teacher. I'd love to take another class from him.
He shared the course with Dr. Rink. He's hot!
He is a very respectful teacher who really cares about his students, especially his honors students. He responds quickly to calls or emails and gives many options for assignments and projects. Great professor!
The course is intense if you are ****ed. This man made Shakespeare easy and he was absolutely the best professor I have encountered yet. He has a huge heart, and he loves what he does.
he's very enthusiastic about the class. very funny while he lectures. the tests are VERY HARD, all open book w/ open notes. he's an awesome professor!
I had Nasty Ted for Bio 304, and will continue in his classes as I am a Bio major. He is the kind of teacher people hope for: Understanding yet demanding. You will learn in any of his classes!
He is a very enthusiastic and interesting professor! he is the only teacher I wold ever take a night class with besides Dr. Antizzo.
he is a really fun teacher; he does have favorites but he is nice to everyone. just make sure you are one of his favorites and you'll do fine :)
I absolutely love this man. My favorite professor by far. I had him as a professor my first semester of freshman year and could not imagine a semester without him. His lectures are magical and transportive. He is such an inspirational speaker who has much experience in the cinema world. If you love cinema, you will not regret taking a Casper class.
I loved his class, take good notes and you will be fine, all of his tests are open notes!! Amazing professor
I took the hybrid course. Do the work, which can be heavy, take good notes, and you will get an 'A'. Midterm and Final are take home/open notes. Great guy, but get involved in class and you will do well.
Loved the class and the teacher. Very knowledgeable and interesting. If you study notes form class and book, you'll do great. Assignments are not hard and tests are graded on a curve to be fair.
Professor Tarjan makes you work harder than usual, and he helps you think out of the box. His grading policy is fair. He takes attendance regularly. Carefully select your team members for projects, that will have a huge impact in your assignments. He is supportive during his office hours. He is bias sometimes, but he tries his best.
If you read the syllabus, did your work, all should be fine. Stop complaining about the most challenging, helpful, resourceful, and structured instructor in the department. Need I say he is well published? Get a life slackers!!!
The other reveiws don't sound ike the professor that I had. I thought he was superb. If you do all of the reading and assignments you get an A. He always answered my emails within 24 hours too.
Very linear. Just do what he says and you'll get an A
Great guy. He's extremely helpful. I hated chemistry before this class, and now I really like it. He tells a lot of stories, but if you ask him after class or during an office hour about anything, he will gladly help you. VERY highly recommended =-)
great teacher, very interesting to listen to
I took this class online, and it is very easy. Dua just assigned reading chapters and four questions before each test. As long as you read the text you will get a good grade. Highly recommend her.
He is super nice! His test can be a bit on the difficult side, but he grades them pretty easy. Great teacher, take him if you can!
Dr. Bierly is helpful and very knowledgeable. If you take notes, listen, study, and know what you are talking about you'll do good on tests. An A is hard to get, but attainable if you do this.
Great class. Better like to write, cause that's his tests. He's a hotty too!
MI PIACE PROFESSORESA FAZZONE TANTO!!! She is so adorable and I really do love this woman. I wish that I could go back to 105! I took her two years ago and she still says "ciao" to me on the streets. TAKE HER, you'll be so happy!
I really liked taking her class. I am in 108 with a horrible professor now and wish that i had taken her again. her class is fair, and you learn alot. if you go to class and stay on top of homework youll do fine. she offers alot of extra points at the end of the semester that brings up your grade alot!
THE CLASS IS NOT THAT EASY, AND YOU HAVE TO COME EVERY DAY CAUSE SHE TAKES ATTENDANCE BUT SHE IS EXTREMELY HELPFUL DURING OFFICE HOURS STUDY HARD FOR THE TESTS AND YOU'LL BE FINE
I want to take him again, just for his teaching style. One of my favorite professors by far! His work is only hard if you don't do the work, and the work is easy! Just pay attention, read your chapters and you'll do great and enjoy yourself!
Dr. Silverman is the BEST professor at Winthrop. So WHAT if he's confident.... he's brilliant.
AWESOME person and professor! Who wouldn't want to take Dr. Silverman? He is a very smart man who can totally relate to the students and constantly does. He doesn't forget what it's like to be sitting in the chair. He is an amazing professor. I'm taking him again next semester just because!
Professor Mulally is wonderful. She's very helpful and truly wants you to succeed as a writer. She gives you all the tools you need and is always willing to give you feedback. You get out what you put in in this class.
Awesome prof. She is fun in class and is always willing to clarify and explain more if you ask. The class isn't a walk in the park--you need to work, but if you put forth effort she will recognize it and reward you.
The class was extremely easy. She was always so energetic and into the class, but honestly the content was kind of boring. She is very accessible, and the assignments are a breeze
Prof. Lotz was one of my favorite professors. She really helps you do well in her class and truly makes you a better writer. I would highly recommend taking her.
Professor Chung is an amazing professor! I wasn't very interested in the subject going into the class but she makes it very interesting. She is also very knowledgeable on the topic. Everything you need to know for the exams will be said in class. She speaks fast so you really need to pay attention. I would recommend bringing a recorder.
very willing to work with you, just show effort and you will get a decent grade
Norma is an amazing professor. She cares about all of her students and her main goal is to teach you what it means to be a teacher. The homework is easy and she is very understanding if you forget an assignment or something. If you can, take her class! I cant say enough good about her.
He's great! I look forward to this class and I've learned a lot.
Awesome class, great teacher, funny, and interesting
Great teacher, konows her stuff. I would recommend her as a instructor. Has a somewhat dry but wonderful sense of humor.
All I can say is AMAZING! I think he is the most intelligent man I have ever met. Do the work and study his notes and you will do great. I have taken every class he has taught and he's my advisor- wouldn't trade him for anything!
Brilliant man. Informative and interesting lectures, but tests are tough. Come to class, do the readings and you will do well. Course is challenging, but worth it.
Great teacher. I learned a lot from him. just go to class, take good notes, and ask questions. take your time on tests and if you really need help go to his office, he'll give you tips on how to take his test and do well, i went and he really did help me.
Prof. Ball is a rarity in the left wing world of academia.He is a straight shooter and really wants you to learn.He cares about students and will help.Prof. Ball made my NMU experience a positive one,still love and miss the UP.Thanks Bill!!!
Really gets into the lectures. I would highly recomend him
great teacher, very helpful, explains stuff you dont understand
not the easiest professor, but she can definitely teach. you will learn and enjoy this class.
Come to class, do your job, get a good grade. Pleasant personality.
there is a lot of homework but majority is done in class. attendance is key because your graded on participation. he tells exactly what is on test so you know what to study. he's really fun and makes class interesting. highly recommend him for 101 and definitely signing up for 102 with him.
This was the hardest class I have ever taken/will take in undergrad, but it is by far my favorite. It takes studying about 15 extra hours/week to succeed in this class, and lab will be the hardest part of the course by far. Dr. Woodman's strict reputation was intimidating, but he is so down to earth, hilarious, and truly cares about his students.
Honest to gosh the best math prof I've had. Actually recognizes/cares when students fail to understand, unlike math profs I've had. Awesome guy
Judy is a very good instructor. You know what you need to do. Is helpful.
She was awesome! I had her for Chem 1 last semester and made sure to take her for Chem 2 this semester. She's great at actually teaching the material, and always tries to make sure everyone understands before moving on. She's one of the few professors that actually cares.
Words funny on tests and quizzes. She is very understanding and for the most part it is an interesting class. Doesn't require alot of work outside of class but make sure you study.
Great Professor, smart and funny. He's such a great Human being. I can honestly say that he is genuinely interested in making a difference on the life of his students. Take him!!
Barry is a great guy, but just an alright prof. PHYS201 w/ him is easy if you have any math background, esp. if you get calc I concepts easily; otherwise, it'll be a little harder for you. Barry's a goober, but he does really care so he'll help you get a good grade if you try. Lots of extra credit (attendance, labs, EC exams, etc). No book required
awesome prof...take him...most interesting speaker ive had at ud...go to class, take notes, and study for exams and youll get an easy a and learn at the same time...seriously take this class with him!!
i am also in love with this man! I hated History before this class, but he taught me to love it. I highly recommend!
almost TOO easy! just go to class & take notes, predictable tests.No Need 4 book
I don't give a crap about history, but he made it very interesting.
SO very nice, knows what he talks about and makes you want to come to class
Class is fun to attend,he makes you want to learn and succeed in his class. Great professor he is truly friendly and hilarious.
He is great! Homework boosts grades and is never too hard/long. He will answer any questions in class. Study guides mirror tests and he drops the lowest quiz grade. He curves the final grade too. He is a little hard of hearing sometimes, but in the end he is always willing to hear you out. He gives solid explanations and won't rush through lessons.
the nicest most helpful calc teacher I've ever had--even though the material of the class is tough his extra help will almost guarantee you an a on the test or exam- all you have to do is pay attention and do some work- i would recommend parzynski to anyone looking for a good math professor
Judging from what I see other friends doing in their classes, Alexander makes class a breeze. He explains things throughly and is a very good about making sure that questions get answered. If you pay attention in class, it's hard to not get a descent grade.
What I like about this class is that there are no tricky questions on the exams. As long as you know everything that is in the textbook, do Aplia, come to class for pop quizzes you will do well.
easy teacher and cares so much about his students a lot of boring movies and the tests have too much on them but if you study your notes you'll be ok no final just a project which he gives you like the first week TAKE HIM
She is so emotional and passionate about her lectures and cares for every student who cares about the class. If you sit in the front be prepared to participate in the conversation. If I could take her again, in a heart beat I would.
I had him for religion and he is a fantastic professor. His lectures are interesting and he has plenty of examples and stories to relate and make it easier. Such a sweet man overall and very understanding
Great teacher! Really helpful. Cares alot about his students. Makes the class interesting and fun. Attendence policy but rewards you with extra credit.
Master Hon is a fantastic professor, best ive ever had. Gives out study guides for every test. He is an extremely smart man who is very passionate. He tries really hard to make the class enjoyable and he's really funny. The *only* downside is that he assign good amount of reading, but you dont need to do it to get a good grade. Also gives treats!
Jaideep is probably the best prof you could get for this course. All exams are based off lecture notes, which he writes directly on the board, so you have to be there every class (or find a buddy). He has so much knowledge of the industry and wants you to succeed. Easy points from learnsmart and connect HW. If you put in the work you will get an A.
A very nice, very helpful teacher. He seems to love his job, and he's very good at it.
SUPER guy. Really smart, interesting, engaging... even made 300 a fun class. He's all-around a terrific professor. You'll love him. He's young, too, and really easy to talk to. He'll make you think.. and you'll like it!
unbelievably awesome. great teacher!
You have know idea what your talking about! Igor is awesome!! His classes are hard I knew this from my last class but its worth it. I took this class knowing it would be hard to get a c+ when I need at least a B, but its worth it. I believe he's the best TEACHER I have ever had. He teaches in a very story telling, witty as hell inteligent way. A+++
Perhaps the best professor I have had my entire time here at EMU. Dr. Neff is enthusiastic and well learned in her subject matter.
VERY good prof; very straight forward and breaks everything down so its easier to understand. Very willing to help, and little extra credit points here and there up keep your grade up. High reccommended; as long as you study and do the objectives, you will do fine
I love Mike! He is so sweet and the nicest guy ever. Trust me, you will love taking his class.
Nicest professor I've ever met. He will keep you long in office hours just chatting. I am no longer in his class and still speak to him in office hours. Delivers informative and engaging lectures with his sonorous, perfect voice. He is clear on his assignments, remains on schedule, and grades fairly and promptly. Highly recommended.
he was an excellent teacher.I learned a lot in his class.he was also very understanding when a friend died and i had to miss the final. would recommed if you want to learn a lot, but he wont hand feed you the grade... you have to study.
She has been my favorite professor so far at Central. She works so hard to help her students understand spanish. Very good teacher, go to class and you'll do fine on the tests. Be prepared though, she jumps into speaking spanish the first day of class.
Make sure you show up to class, and take good notes. Very knowledgable individual. There are 4 tests during the semester. 2nd test is the hardest.
Great guy! Have to say that I love the class. Tests are easy :)
My favorite professor and probably one of the best at this university. Very up front and honest with you about your grade. Encourages you when she knows you're trying your best. Doesn't care much for the sleepers and the skippers which is perfectly understandable. Will give you the grade that you deserve.
EASIEST CLASS EVER. if you can write your name and a present a chapter to a class, you can pass. Don't miss this class for anything. Haha i didn't even have the 7 or 8 books we needed!
Just a really awesome, great, nice guy. Definitely take his class.
If you are good at sweet-talking your way into good grades, it won't work with Underhill, nah. He's sort of like the drill sargeant of Linguistics. A cool challenge for some and hell for others. I had him for many classes, I thought he was great in all of them except phonology. He's funny and very interesting. If you're a spoiled brat, beware!
I've never admired a professor more than Dr. Giesecke. She's so enthusiastic about Greek Tragedies that class is rarely boring, and while some of the plays we read are difficult to understand, as long as you go to class you'll do well on the tests. The quizzes and exams are very fair, and she always stresses the main points you need to know.
He is so easy! He does a wonderful job teaching and I would definitely recommend him to anyone! He assigns hw assignments, as long as you do them (they are so easy) then you will get an A! Great teacher and super funny!
Professor Biby is such a sweet lady! Her homework load is very tolerable and her exams are straight forward if you study. She is VERY approachable! She also makes the subject relatable if you are not an econ person. I highly recommend her.
this guy is awesome. Hes laid back and helps you out as much as you need it. I would definitely recommend taking his classes.
There is a lot of essays which are composed of reflections and book reports. Its basically an essay and reading each week, but if the course is online its straight forward and I found the class to be very enjoyable! He is a good guy and has good intentions.
class is hard overall but he's very intelligent and knows what he's talking about. as long as one does the work, one should be fine
loved this class! knows his stuff. very engaging, interesting topics, best history class i've taken. fairly easy class if you are willing to pay attention. all-around excellent prof, but he doesn't answer emails.
take e110 with panda-there are only 3 essays the entire year (including the research paper). and hes a fair grader. he is so helpful and makes the class really interesting. such a chill guy -highly recommended.
This class is quite interesting, 3 exams (lowest is dropped) and one final. Labs are usually done with your group. Take good notes and you will be fine. You still need to study to get a good grade. This is not an easy A but you should have a B or better as long as you put in effort.
Great professor, she is very nice and worries about her students. I took this class online and I watched the lectures 2 days before the test and I got a B
She make ROCKS fun. I was very into her class and wanted to change my major. She is very easy if you just review your notes the night before a test.
Nicest person ever. Easy classes! Just read the text and you'll do fine.
GREAT TEACHER. The class is easy, lectures are kind of boring. LOTS of people sleep in class. DO go to the lectures though as test questions come directly from them, and the text book. If you choose not to attend class, simply do the assignments and make sure you get full credit. The grading curve helps a lot, and overall the class is quite EASY
Very good online class and not too difficult as long as you do the work. There are a few assignments and online quizzes for each of the four sections that end with one exam each. None of the exams are cumulative and as long as you put in the time to watch the lectures and take good notes on them you should be fine.
Dr. Lorenz is amazing. I think everyone should know about how hard he works. He is devoted to his work. He puts so much time into his classes and really cares about his students. Outside the classroom, he works for social justice. I think this is a class everyone should definitly take!!
He really cares about how you do in the class but does make you work for your grade. There are 2 projects, 3 exams, and 6 extra credit quizzes that are really helpful. He does curve the exams so if you pay attention and come to class, you should be able to get an A.
SHE IS THE BEST. I seriously almost considered switching my major after taking her class. Her lectures are so awesome and fun and she makes everything really easy to understand! The only problem is that it is kind of hard to get an A in her class. Doesn't have a lot of opportunities to get an A. Her study guide really helps for each test!
I taken professor Ivey, in many classes he is always there to help and to make sure you succeed. His caring and respectful and his classes as long as you do your work and test are easy you'll pass his class.
He was a great teacher. He took time to inform you of key details & the reasoning behind the film before you viewed it. He also shared personal stories that helped you relate to the films being viewed. He's very wise, open minded & eagerly involved the class in class discussions after viewing the films. I have a lot of respect for him
Great guy, easy teacher. I highly recommend.. ungkey
Pretty hyperactive and loud, but such a good professor. Very cool too, as he was in a rock band and also has one of the nicest cars on the TCU campus.
This is another professor you should try to take at least once. He is really good at communicating things to his students and wants to see everyone do well. He manages to make math pretty interesting, and tries to relate everything to the real world.
Paul is awesome. He knows everything but he's not arrogant, he's so easy to talk to, and so willing to help. I have HUGE respect for this guy. People say he's a tough grader, but he just expects a lot - after all it is honors. He's not unfair at all. Do your best and definitely go to his office hours to talk about your papers. I LOVED him.
such an awesome teacher, very funny and energetic, the best professor ive had
Dr. Chen will forever be one of my favorite professors. This guy cares so much about his students and has such a passion for teaching. He is so understanding and never fails to make you laugh even if you're having the worst of days. Lectures are a little boring but how are you supposed to make calculus exciting, am I right? 10/10 would take again!
so nice, def structured like a high school course. Just do the work and you'll be fine but not an easy A
I thought that he was a really good teacher. He explained everything well. I took a hybrid class with him, if you don't go to class it is easy to fall behind. I didn't like the internet assingments but they were fairly easy. His tests were pretty hard, he definetly chose the harder problems to test on.
Wolbach is the hardest teacher when compared to the other Biology teachers (Mostrum and Porter). Going to class isn't mandatory but you need to go to take down notes because all of his exams are based on his notes. He's a great teacher and is very clear but his exam questions are tricky.
Tom is the best! I had a terrible day on Christmas so I emailed him and he called me back immediatlely-ON CHRISTMAS DAY! Tom is the best thing NMU has to offer. It will be a sad day when Tom finally hangs up the books. If you get the chance to have him for ANYTHING, take him! Two Thumbs Way UP!
I think she's a great teacher. Some might think she's boring, but I find what she has to say pretty interesting. She gives breaks for the longer classes as well. Overall if you're someone that wants to teach history, you'll learn a lot from this teacher.
This guy has helped me out soooo much. I've improved my writing. I've had him for both english 101 and 102. He is very helpful, and understands you completely.
Great teacher! Allows you to re-hand in papers if you're not happy with the grade you got. He is easy to talk to if you have questions about how to edit something or whatever. Very laid back style. It felt like high school. Highly recommend Mr. Tower!
his class is easy and interesting.
Amazing prof!!! Lots of lectures but very easy to follow (put on 2x speed). He goes really slowly and hes really easy to understand. Gives past exams and answers, practice quizzes and answers, doesnt use lockdown browser for exams. Super nice guy who just wants everyone to succeed. Love this man
Caldwell is a GREAT teacher! He tries to make things interesting, attempts humor, plays short videos throughout the class, and has clear notes. Do the extra credit if you're worried but you get to drop one test and it's not that bad! Take his class! :)
Very clear and helpful.
As long as you study and do the study guide the weekly tests are easy. He also answers all your questions if you do not understand a term on the study guide. As for the quizes, they are also easy if you listen to the video. His class is challenging, but not hard.
I am a biology major that thinks history is just that, history in the past, but i enjoyed Dr. Rink's class. He made history fun and interesting. His lectures are well researched, clear, attetntion keepers, and orderly. His tests are what he discussed in class so just go to class, participate, and you will do fine. I never read and earned a 98%!
He's a really great teacher and I definitely will take him again if possible. He gives great feedback on papers and tells you up front what he's thinking instead of skirting around it. Very helpful and makes it easy to know what you need to do to get a good grade in the class.
Brian Phillips is a mf G. Best professor I've had so far. Not an easy A class, he will make you work for a grade, but he really cares and will help students a lot. Very open to discussion and listening to students. Showing up to class is vital to pass this class. This man is a gem.
Frank is a really nice guy. He really does want you to do well, so just show up, do the work, and pay attention.
He's a great professor. Very loud and energetic also kind of blunt, cares about his students and making sure you understand the concepts. He also gives life lessons Tests are pretty basic but you will have to apply the concepts he teaches. Notecards are a great tool for this class, if you have them you will pass. Great professor, would take again.
Ms. White is the best math teacher that I have ever had. I am so lucky I got her for Stats. She has a great sense of humor that relates to teaching you math. Yes, on some chapters she could've explained more. But, I didnt even look at the book once everything was on her notes which was great. The lab was very helpful. I definitely recommend her.
Excellent teacher, always kept class fun and interesting. You will never fall asleep in his class. I strongly recommend taking a class with him just for the experience.
Great professor, his lectures are very clear and he makes learning very easy.
This is the best computer science teacher you will ever have. He works hard for his students and he makes the class as easy as possible.
He's a great lecturer, and makes himself readily available outside of class. He also lets you retake tests for full credit.
Great professor, if you need help, you can get it almost anytime.
A lot of readings usually very interesting and make sense to the topics, allowed zoom in option, discussion based
I love this guy. A lot of people give him a bad wrap but that's because they don't understand the philosophy he's teaching, don't do the reading, and then take it out on the professor when they don't do well in the class. He's an incredibly nice person, he's 100% knowledgeable and available for help, and he's great about opening up the floor.
Awesome teacher. Is extremely interactive with the class. Comes up with exciting and relevant examples. Make sure you read the book, sounds simple enough but I guarantee every bad grade in his class is because they did not read the book. I would recommend!
He is an awesome teacher. I recommend him to everyone. The test are easy b/c they come straight from the notes and he tells you exactly what to know. He is funny and actually likes teaching...I agree with the last person, why can't we have more like him. Seriously Take him!
If you need a sociology credit, take his class. It is incredibly easy and there are tons of extra credit and retake opportunities. Attendance is not mandatory but I go to class because Adams is a sweetheart. He cares so much about his students' success and is really easy to talk to.
He's a great teacher and can be taken advantage of easily. Read the chapters twice before weekly quizzes and do all the extra credit.
Extremely knowledgeable has so much enthusiasm for music and the arts. She has so much experience and is a fantastic professor. I would take her again, she really knows her stuff and wants her students to pass. If you go to her for help she will go out of her way. The nicest person you'll ever meet.
By far one of the best engineering professors. He goes through material quickly, but just keep up and pay attention. His classes will require a decent amount of effort, as he actually tries to prepare you for engineering in the real world, not like other classes where you can just skip class and copy off of someone else to pass the class.
Sonja was my favorite teacher! She is a fantastic teacher and loves what she does and is very kept up on her information. She is caring, very helpful, and offers study groups and provides worksheets to study information. Assigns very little homework; as long as you listen in class and study, its an easy A.
Tom is an amazing professor, hands down my favorite instructor I've ever had. He loves inspiring his students to be good people and exudes a genuine passion for history. He does lecture and show videos almost every day, but he keeps it interesting. He also frequently stops videos to insert extra information. Everyone should take a class from Tom.
Dr. Grove is a clean-cut professor with high but reasonable expectations for pre-service teachers. He requires a lot of work, but rightfully so given the significance of this course. I have learned a lot under his instruction. This class, however, is not an easy A, but it is worth the struggle! Take him!
Dr. Adolino knows everything there is to know about UK Politics. She isn't always clear on reading assignments and has a lot of specific rules about paper formatting. Tests are tough but I have learned more from her than any other professor. Don't be afraid to take her class, challenge yourself and you'll enjoy it.
Great professor. Super easy if you show up and write down the notes
Casper is an incredible lecturer. He's intense, passionate, and a joy to listen to--the only teacher who can lecture for 2 hours and hold attention. However, this class is NOT easy. Even for a film major like me, it was still challenging. If you have a good TA, just put in the work and it's not impossible to get an A. RIP Casper youll be missed.
Legendary professor at USC. His lectures are great and his movie selections are amazing! You learn a lot about film. Definitely take this class if you have 4 units to spare.
Tarjan was a great professor. I took him first semester of my freshman year. The class is test-heavy, BUT if you focus do the assignments look at the slides and actually study you'll do great. grading criteria is super clear. best of luck!
He is a tough teacher and the class is not recommended for non-soc students or lazy ones. But he is super helpful if you just show effort.
VERY good teacher. Class is optional, so as long as you understand the subject, you can just show up for the tests to get an easy A. Very helpful, clear, and genuinely cares about his students. Only downside is he gives out weekly assignments (don't worry, they are easy)
He is an excellent professor!
she is the nicest lady ever. wants u to do well.
he is the cutest old man! I think he is an excellent teacher
Awesome professor! He inspired me to change my major to special education! His class is very easy as long as you take notes, study for the quizzes and come to every single class. Would take this class again!
Great teacher. Really cares about his students. Tells you what is important to know and explains ways to help students. 7 Quizzes, 5 hours Observing, Interview. I learned a lot from him, but didn't have to put in a huge amount of work. Productive class...
Great Professor...Just go to class...he likes to fail people who don't go
Love her! Take any class of hers you can. She knows what she's talking about so you'll learn and she's got a great sense of humor so you'll be entertained. She keeps track of attendance so make sure you go to class.
His lectures are fantastic, textbook is online and you need it for the quizzes at the end of each section, his only grades are the tests. They are not very hard if you go to class and study beforehand.
Very nice and easy going guy. Very helpfull. Do the work and you will make an easy A!!
Tough, but I learned a lot.She makes you work for an A.
Wonderful! She's very nice and helpful.
this is the best professor at uncc. not just the best history professor. yeah there are two book reports and two exams, but he lets you know what to study and he goes over it all in the class. very funny and tells great stories. very knowledgable.
Great teacher, very thorough, cancels class often, take this class
Uncle Bijan is a very inspirational wise professor. He truly cares about his students and I love that in a teacher. he makes psychology interesting and if you go based off of his study guides and fill them out on your own, you will do very well on his exams, which he curves! He's a great, GREAT man. Love him
good professor, Tests are nit picky but fair. will help you pass if you want to
Agard is really excited abotu english and it helps greatly. She is wonderful.
he is very fair.. if you read the text and go to lecture, you'll do well. tests are all multiple choice. he gives you easy extra credit points in class that could boost you up a whole grade.
Excellent professor, she is very passionate about teaching and takes interest in her students, I would recommend this class to anyone.
great teacher, definitely take her if you can! she makes you want to learn and once you learn how to study for anatomy her tests aren't that difficult
He goes out of his way to help students learn the material.
Best Professor. Knows his stuff. Understanding, Easy to reach. I love going to his class.
Everyone needs to take a Bob Lamb class before they graduate, he is the best professor at Purdue in my opinion. Lectures are so interesting and it is very clear he loves what he does. Very fair grader and if you put the work in and come to class you will get the grade you deserve.
He is a very nice guy. The class was super easy once I knew what to study. Don't pay attention to the lecture none of it is on the exams. You have to do the topic practice questions and the reading questions. No reason you can't get an A. I got a F on the midterm finished with an A.
Class is very easy. No reason not to get an A. No one goes to class but if you go it is actually rewarding. He is so funny. You can do all the work due for the year in one day and study 2x a semester for the exams and get an A. The absolute easiest class at UF. You wont regret it. Take it!
I actually enjoyed this class -- did NOT expect to. She is very nice and has a quirky sense of humor. Willing to help with assignments. The stats were hard but I learned a lot about writing. I think it will help me get ready for grad school. Thanks Dr. B!
She's difficult but it's worth it if you're interested in the material.
Biester is awesome. Good teacher, really listens and accepts everyones opinion. You have to go to class to get a good grade. Grades papers fairly for an ENGL teacher. I'm never bored, he keeps it very interesting. I recommend him for intro to shakespeare without a doubt.
This was one of my favorite undergrad classes. He's definitely the best english prof at LUC. The readings were easy, but he can be tough on papers. Participate and be prepared to revise!
You don't need a background in jazz or a deep understanding of music theory to do well in this class. However, you probably should be a fan of jazz - as you'll be doing a lot of listening. All of the exam answers are taken word-for-word from Collier's textbook, get it and study it religiously and you'll do fine. Great lectures too!
Anyone who left bad comments here does not belong in a differential equations class. This guy is very meticulous, does not tolerate incompetence, stupidity, or laziness. He is very thorough and lays a good math foundation. Take his section only if you're interested in actually learning the math. And if you do, do homework for hours!
Easy class if you pay attention & study
He is super funny and the lectures are enjoyable. He really wants his students to pass his class, he is very supportive as well. Really easy class.
Professor Taylor does a great job at engaging all of her students into her lectures. Some of the homework is optional, and the overall workload is light. As long as you pay attention to the key terms, you should do fine on tests. She is a well educated professor and cares about all of her students.
Great teacher! Very easy class
This was one of the toughest classes I've ever taken, but it was also my favorite. Be prepared: If you ever want to make an assertion, Prof. Clark is going to challenge you on it! It doesn't mean he disagrees, but a big part of this class is learning to defend your positions. He's really, really good at the "devil's advocate" stuff.
HOT but make sure you study
she's what you call super boring but easy. if you dont want stress and need an area c she's the lady. not much work is given and reading is supper easy. show up every day and you'll do fine,**** don't show up and you'll do fine.
Raymond is a great teacher! Just have to pay attention in class and review his notes he puts onto the network drive. It is a very thorough list and he follows it quite well! Quizzes are not too hard as long as you review the acronyms and learn the definitions! It's up to you how good you are! Hands on teaching is great! He is fantastic!
Professor Wong is an AMAZING professor. She's a sweetheart especially during office hours. This class has no homework, and only consists of 6 tests that are 50% lecture and 50% textbook. Make sure you go to class! Wong truly explains lectures in an inspirational way and you can tell she cares about her students. Please take her!
"Living the Jazz Life" is a great honors colloquium and Peters definitely knows his jazz. The class was a lot of fun. We sat there listening to jazz and watching DVDs. Then, we discussed it. The reading is minimal and very interesting. Peters is a really nice guy, and I highly recommend the class.
Very helpful, great guy - participate and write well and you'll be fine
She is hands down the best teacher you will ever have. She is clear, concise, and helpful in class and out of class. You will learn more in a short amount of time from her than anyone else.
If you listen carefully, you will get A.
had her for WACT -- love her! she was like my mom that semester; take the time to visit her during office hours. she is a genuinely cool person, you will learn so much from her.
This class was very easy to get through. Ashcraft makes sure you understand what's going on. He's very communicative and gives many second chances. This class is much better than philosophy.
BP is the man. I would not have wanted to take any other REL100 other than his Earth and Ethics. He often assigns reading, but it's not boring by any means. He really cares about his students and wants everyone to succeed!
One of my favorite professors at Aquinas, and I'm not even PoliSci. It's a tough class but if you pay attention, you'll succeed. Durham is really accessible if you seek him out for help, he even came in on weekends to help study for the mid-term and final. He's really passionate about polisci and about the success of his students. Highly recommend!
Fantastic professor, incredibly well-versed in the subject. Take diligent notes during lecture and you'll be fine.
There is a lot of reading. You have to read to do well on the tests. Other than that, Schell is a super nice, chill grandpa. As a Nihilist, I was not interested in the content of the class at all but Schell is an amazing teacher so it was barable to get the credit.
Great professor all around. Very accessible and easy to talk to if you need help. He assigns a lot of reading, but goes over most of the important stuff in class, so if you show up it makes it easier. His lectures were fascinating as well.
What a great guy! I loved this class!! Dr.Schell made me become a psych major. He was hard but if you put in the work and are honestly interested you can get an A. And he doesn't give a final!
Good professor. It's ovious that he has a lot of experience teaching and does what works. If you think philosophy is boring, you won't like this class, but regardless Mr. Rydman is a good teacher. Didn't see a bias toward democrats, it seems like he followed every joke or citicism about Republicans with one about democrats and vice versa.
Most definatly a hard teacher, but you will come out understanding everything. Only take this class if you are serious!
She's the best.
By far one of my fav professors
Dr. Courtney is a cool guy. He definitely likes things done his way, but if you actually care enough to put forth the effort, he's always available for office hours. Go to class, take notes, and ask questions and you'll do fine. Not easy, but very clear in explanations - asks the class questions that force you to understand the material
Professor Shippy is an amazing professor. If you have the option to take any of his courses, I highly recommend it. Not only is he knowledgeable about the subjects he teaches, but he also allows his students the freedom to write in their own styles and gives great feedback to help them grow.
He tells you that you don't have to come to class because all assignments, tests, and quizzes are online. This class is an easy A, but lecture is very enjoyable and you learn a lot if you do actually attend. Unlimited attempts on quizzes, one attempt on each test. Just read the book before tests and you'll do fine. Brad is awesome!
The BEST of the BEST! There is no way you can't learn math with a professor like this. She is brilliant and is so down-to-earth and easy to talk to. She wants everyone to do really well in her class. Go to office hours if you need help. You will be glad you did. She helped me with one of my math classes that she wasn't even teaching! Amazing!
Having Dr. Iverson for O chem II truly was a gift. His lectures are engaging and if you pay attention, and take good notes, you will do very well in his class. Treat the practice problems like exams, and always take full length practice exams when studying. He truly cares about his students, and treats them like people.
She is such a good professor, and a super sweet woman. She genuinely cared about every one in the class and was so easy to talk to. She is really understanding about the things student's struggle with, and wants everyone to do well. I'd highly recommend her!
Prof. Birr is great. His class is hard because accounting is hard. If you read, show up to class, ask questions, and pay attention/actually try, you will pass probably with a B+ maybe an A. Sometimes he might seem condescending, but it's not really bad at all after the first 3 ch. He's funny. Just read and study. Yes or no? :)
Great professor, enjoyable class, and relates really well to students. Not too hard of a class. Take him if you can.
I had MGMT211 7-week blended in-seat/online class. He's a great management teacher! Take his class. Grading is 1 group project, which was pretty easy, one paper, and 5 online quizzes. The quizzes you have more than one attempt, best grade holds. This class was not stressful. Do the work, you'll pass the class.
do the extra work and you will get through this class
GREAT Teacher loved her class. You have to take it. You will laugh and learn at the same time. She KNOWS about database
such a nice lady, very helpful, not a difficult class. did a lot of speaking exerices, by the end of the semester I could hold a conversation without much difficulty. take her if you can.
I enjoyed this class. To do well on the tests you have to make sure to memorize the statistics in the slide show and be very extensive in the free response. However, it is a very easy class if you study the slides well. He gives extra credit answers to the people who show up to class.
She is really nice and really helpful. Attendance is mandatory if you don't already know Finance. She does her best to help and does curve.
If you keep up with the reading, you'll do well. Professor White knows and loves his subject, and his enthusiasm makes his lectures very enjoyable as long as you have done the assigned readings and know what he's talking about.
She is a very fun profressor. I love her casual style of teaching. Just don't be deceived into thinking she won't ever get mad. You have to work for an A, but it is achievable.
Theories of Literature. This was not an easy class, per se...but it was my favorite! I learned a lot and received an A. Dr. Angley is a great teacher and is always extremely helpful. I also had her for Comp 1 honors and she was awesome.
She's the best teacher. Her class is intresting.
I'm about to finish Math 110 with her. While she may move on to new material quickly, she will ALWAYS stop to explain stuff to you if you don't understand it. You simply have to ASK. She is the nicest grader I've had truly wants her students to succeed. She is on your side! There are no "stupid questions" in her class. She drops 1 quiz and 1 test.
Enjoyed the class, but be prepared to study
Without a doubt my favorite professor at WSU. She is incredibly intelligent and quick-witted; sharp sense of humor and ALWAYS enthusiastic! She will make you love to learn, and she's extremely helpful in all regards. She is a fascinating person who I greatly admire.
Frechet was the best professor I've had in my life. It was tough because the only grades we had were two midterms and a final. Also, it's graded on a curve, so you have to do better than average to get a B in the class, which is hard with all those annoying, intense pre-med kids.
Ramirez rules! His lectures are interesting, informative, and even funny at times. He's a smart guy who not only knows his stuff, but knows how to teach it. Makes you want to learn more! I only wish he taught more classes...
Mr. Holdt is very helpful and very personable.
I Loved Professor Shawna Saponjic, She Always Put Effort to make the class interesting and fun. She is an amazing person who is helpful, caring, and seems like she genuinely cares about her students.
Had him for Discover Chicago, he's a great guy! He is extremely helpful and really enjoys what he does, which made the class ten times more interesting.
Best teacher ever! Absolutely amazing! Very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. You have to go to lecture because the exams are from the notes, but he makes you want to go. It's not my major but I am willing to take any class he teaches!
Took her for the summer. You really shouldn't take ACCT 301 in the summer, but if you do, please take it with her! Very helpful and explains everything well.
Prof. Kim is the most amusing professor I've had yet. He is extremely passionate about what he studies and carries that over into his lectures/discussion. Kim is an eccentric but in a good way. HIS 102N was definitely challenging but well worth it. Lots of reading/writing, but you will really learn something about Japanese Colonialism and East Asia
Good professor, lectures are clear and she posts notes online. Tests and homework are very challenging, but you learn a lot in the class.
I loved him. He's very approachable, unlike some proffs who are more intimidating. He's very good at explaining concepts and is always there for extra help. He has a nerdy sense of humour which makes a world of difference in a class as dry as stats.
Honestly, the class is a pain in the ass because you have so much homework. Papers, Response Journals, there is always something due. She is really nice and helpful though. Its not that easy, but its not that bad. Make sure you spend a lot of time on you papers, she expects the best!
Best teacher at WCU. Always willing to help, no matter what the prob, definitly a good guy.
Dunleavy is amazing! Best ECO252 professor you can take. He's a little boring, but really funny when you actually listen to him. He's retiring next year so take him while you can!! Exams are super easy (formula sheet) and he is very clear in what he expects from you. There are four exams and one project. All very easy if you show up to class.
He is very mono tone and boring. But he is a good teacher and gives easy tests. Don't bother reading the book. Write down everything he says and the tests will come from there. Easy B if you study.
Hands-down the best professor I've ever met. Grades based on research paper and several in-class essays, both of which he walks the class through. His lectures are informal, witty, and interesting. You'll find yourself wanting to impress him.
Professor Heinrich is truly the best math professor I have ever had. She spends time to make sure every single person in the class understands without making it boring for the people who understand quickly. There are quizzes every day but they are fairly easy being that you paid attention the last class. I highly recommended this professor!
Professor Oldfather is a fascinating teacher. She gives very good lectures. You have to study and keep up with the reading in this class, if you do you will pass easily. Professor Oldfather is very clear on her test reviews. I recommend this teacher.
Very good teacher. He's helpful and very good at explaining the material. The other students who say he is unhelpful are shall we say... challenged.
Excellent prof, clear and easy to understand. Cool hair
Excellent professor. Everything you need to do well is ALL there. VERY GOOD teacher. He's won awards and gets standing ovations. But be GOOD AT MULTIPLE CHOICE EXAMS. That's all.
This man is a genious. I feel honored to be in his class.
Awesome professor. I don't even like science and I still enjoyed class. Very helpful and easy to talk to.
hes the****
probably the best professor I've had yet. i never cared for poetry or literature before, but he made it so interesting and fun. he's brilliant. i loved going to class, i didn't want the semester to end! He also offered to let me take the class as an L course, and even though I wasn't able to in the end, he went out of his way to help me.
She wants you to succeed and she helps you and gives you every resource to do so. Lectures are interesting and engaging and you actually enjoy and want to go to class. She knows all of her students by name, knows what they're area of interests are, and genuinely cares about your success. Her classes are not difficult. If you struggle, she helps
Great professor, very funny, take one of her classes if you can!
Great guy. Keeps his classes entertaining. I would take more classes with him, but he doesn't seem to teach anything but general psychology.
He is an awesome teacher...very humorus
Professor Sabau makes the course so easy. He does not waste time on explanations that are not necessary. He teaches step by step the exercises and is always looking for a way to make it easier for the students. I had 3 classes with him and got an A on all three. If you do the homework you get an easy A.
Professor Sabau is the best. He understand and he is a great listener. I truly enjoyed his class. I took him for intermediate algebra and statistics. Im planning on taking him for college algebra. After not being in school for 20 years, I was very scared to take math. I was truly blessed to be in Professor Sabau's class. Easy A.
Awesome guy will do anything to help you out in class. Very understanding and comical
Great professor. Loves what he teaches. Go to class everyday. Don't have to read, he covers everything in class. Only had 2 tests, multiple choice and short and long essay. Gives out extra credit. Exciting, fun atmosphere
Easiest class i have ever taken.Very helpfull, wants everyone to do well. Missed class alot and still got an A. I cant wait to take another class with him
such a nice guy... wants you to do well... easy A
Noggle is amazing! He cares about his students success. The reading can be tough but he makes sure to explain everything important. He dumbs everything down so it's very easy to understand. He's always willing to help & made the transition to online during coronavirus easy. He really accommodated for our needs! Would definitely take him again!
He tests you on things you talk about in class. The reading guide is extrememly usefull and should be used when reading. Reading packets are extrememly difficult to understand but if you go over them with a friend and highlight it makes it so much easier. If you take good notes in class you'll be fine.
I love this guy! He posts all assignments online and has notes on reserve if you miss class. If you're not an idiot you'll do great in his class. On his tests he has like 10 questions- you pick 5 to answer. The lectures are dry at times, but this guy is really trying. I think he's a great economics teacher and NO it's not because the class is easy!
Guerrier is what you want in a hist prof: great lectures, fair grading, and really knows his stuff. a bit fast paced, but makes sure you get the main points. you will want to go to his classes, even if you don't like history.
My favorite professor, know everything about politics. Likes talking to students about politics, go to her office hours, you will learn a lot.
Sulfaro is by far the most passionate and brilliant teacher I have found at JMU. Her class is hard, but if you take time to study and understand the topic, tests are pretty easy. The end of term paper is long but the whole course leads up to it. She's extremely caring and willing to help at any time, TAKE HER if you want to learn!
I absolutely LOVE Ken. He is seriously such a gem to CLU, and if you have the chance to take a class with him, TAKE IT! He is SUCH a laid back professor, not a tough grader at ALL, and he genuinely cares for his students. Acting is always so much fun with him - he makes everybody feel included. I really don't get what the negative reviews are for!
He is an all around great instructor, nice, funny, informative, does handstands on rare occasions to get his point across. He is not a hard prof. this was just a really tough course.
Cool teacher... it's Calc what do you expect? Just do your homework and you'll understand the material. Grading is fair and the course load is too. Pay attention in class, and you'll do well.
The best teacher at Seton Hall.
best prof at UD, really funny, fair, and intelligent-just go to class, skim the readings=A
Cool guy. Religious. Tries to make class interesting. Very helpful. Good sense of humor.
Went to his office hours. He said a 90% is an A so people don't argue about A-'s. He's a legend.
the best teacher i think i will ever have in my college experience. THe class was informative and he has a sense of humor. There is a curve on all the test so you should do well if you read the material and come to class.
Very friendly and enthusiastic! Tests are somewhat difficult but if you study the notes and the book thoroughly you will do well.
He's a great ECON teacher and shows care for the subject and his students. He lightens up the mood of the class while also being serious when it came to it. Homework is online so it's really easy. If you're taking ECON, Professor Baytas is the one to choose!
VERY GOOD PROF! probably the best professor ive taken here at MSU. VERY TOUGH! if you dont like to study, dont do it. However, you will definitely learn the material in the class. study his notes and you will be fine. he very smart, funny, and makes the learning experience fun. Take him if you really want to learn something. =D
Baytas was a friggin' awesome guy. He has a bit of an accent but it's nothing terrible...also has a great sense of humor. I never read a damn thing, just made sure i went to every class and took good notes; tests are straight out of the notes. If you want an easy class, take him.
I love this class! He is an awesome teacher! Would definately advise using him as your teacher!
i had him over the summer but he was really cool but demanding. if you just listen to him you will pass the class. he dose exspect you to actually learn some material but very easy to follow. his tests were a little tough for me but i passed with a 3.0
Dr. Tabor is my favorite professor at uncc. He is extremely knowledgeable and engaging. The grading is based on three take-home essays and a final 12-15 page paper. I loved this class so much I am taking another class by Dr. Tabor next semester.
Dr. Tabor is so awesome, I had his Western culture class on Death and Afterlife, needed it for the GenEd lbst credit. Show up to class and listen to what he has to say and it's a guaranteed A. The topics are super interesting. He is extremely liberal and will talk about it, but if you're also liberal he is absolutely hilarious.
I love her she is so sweet. She was a great teacher always willing to help after class. Also gave students homework which was just like the test. I wish she teached statistics.
Good Professor tries hard to make class interesting and knows his materials. Test are hard but gives a lot of extra credit. Funny at times.
AWESOME! He is so awesome! That's really all I can say. He's helpful, funny and makes class interesting and worth attending!
smart, easy going and helpful. knows his stuff.
First thing when you see her is she looks like a sweet grandmother. She is a very good teacher, explains everything throughly and gives out good notes. Quizes are a little tricky. There is a lot of homework but it helps out for the tests. Very strick on deadlines, unless she makes a mistake than no excuses. grades everyone the same.Take her class
If you just read the book the class is so easy!!
Dr. Lansen is a very fun professor. He's a tough grader but is caring and wants to help in any way he can. His lectures are very structured and he does a good job of preparing your notes for studying. His lectures are very interesting but note-heavy, so try not to miss classes. Overall he's a very good professor and wants to see you succeed.
great teacher, knows what he's talking about, lot of work but fun & interesting
Dr. Cloer's class was one of my favorites I've ever taken. He really is a nice guy (a bit intimidating, sure) with a dry sense of humor (a sense of humor nonetheless) who knows what he's talking about. He doesn't care if you attend class or not, but I always wanted to go. Only 4 tests. If you listen to the songs & learn the vocab, you're all good!
A great teacher and a great lady! Very helpful and very nice. She makes a hard class not so hard!
Dynamic teacher. Knows his stuff and makes you want to know it too.
i loved this class. even though you go over homework pretty much the entire class period, you still learn a lot. it's really easy, all you have to do is attempt the homework and you get full credit. great class, i highly recommend it if you are going into business.
Cohn is caring, funny, and interesting. He cares about his students and is extremely accommodating. I've had the pleasure of taking two classes with him and having him as my academic advisor.
i have him for honors, and he expects a lot of busywork type stuff, but i'm lazy and haven't done it- and he's very very nice about that. he's very nice in general. and willing to accept other views. don't make fun of his damn turtle necks.
Make sure you're taking notes during class and if you're not there, get the notes. Exams cover some specifics, but a lot of general questions that you want to understand. Really nice guy and fun to talk to about different things.
Loved this teacher. The material was heavy but he made it easy to understand. Very helpful and funny.
I thought the class was pretty good too. She gives you a lot of freedom to be creative as long as you stay within basic conventions.The course I took was NOT like high school. Don't know what others are talking about. Recommended. I'd take another class with her.
She is a very good teacher who makes her subject very interesting. Great class and teacher. Be prepared to work...
Really nice professor, gives good feedback, grade is determined by a lot of written things.
dionysios is an awesome teacher. Soooo much better than chen. Good sense of humor and really wants you to understand and enjoy the class.
GREAT HELP YOU GOTTA WORK HARD, BUT IT's WORTH IT
He's a great teacher that will push you to do your best. My writing skills have improved significantly over the course of the semester. He can be a little picky sometimes when grading but not too bad. His lectures are deep and engaging. There is no easy A in his class but if you want to make the most of your tuition dollars then take him.
He's an GREAT professor! if you want to pass, don't skip class. His way of teaching is unique and very interesting. TAKE HIM. Don't be afraid to ask questions, he is very nice and willing to help. Read the book he assigns in advance. Only 2 quizzes and 2 essays.. that simple that easy!! Gives great feedback on essays and guides you step by step.
Shes a great professor. I was terrible at Spanish but she was always willing to help and I didnt always dread going to class. Criteria for assignments were clear which I had a problem with in many foreign language classes.
Awesome teacher! Take him if you can! He is so nice and actually cares about the subjects he teaches and his students. He may challenge you to think a little bit but an awesome teacher
Very cool! Really fun class. Never opened the book once to read it. Tests are easy he gives you the questions. Gives a lot of extra credit, easy A.
if you want to learn chemistry, she's a GREAT TEACHER! she knows her material, she's just a tough grader on the labs! her tests aren't that bad, she tells you the topics to study.
Saya is an awesome professor! He is very merciful on grading. If you put in any effort into your papers (only 3 all semester), you will do fine. As a very nice bonus, you are rarely in class the entire time. After a paper is assigned, you are given several class days off with which to work on it. A+
Jane is wonderful! She really cares about her students progress, and is always available to help. This was not an easy class, but so worthwhile.
Had Bernhardt a while ago, but I saw him on here and had to give him a good rating. Don't even think about taking physics with Smith when there's a teacher this good for the same class. George rules, one of the most helpful, kind, and well prepared professors i've had.
Great teacher, very easy class but you do have to work
Hilarious teacher, just keep your notes organized and bring them to class and the class is an easy A.
My favorite professor by far. Its not that I had to go to class, I WANTED to go. I'd definitely recommend him. Take good notes and listen in class. His class is so much fun and interesting. Always has fun, there's not a day I didn't laugh.
Pretty easy class. He gives you a study guide to memorize for the test. There is also extra credit. The class is never boring. And it should be a pretty easy A.
She was a great teacher...very helpful and nice. The class wasn't too difficult and the tests were easy if you knew the most of the material. But take the class with her, good teacher and teaches an interesting class
By far the best teacher ever. He has enjoyable lectures that are worth going to because he always adds great stories to them. His tests were some of the few I have ever enjoyed taking. He has the best sense of humor.
She is an excellent teacher who is very helpful
I loved this class. I learned more in Dr. Fontaine's class than in any other I've taken! Yes, you have to work hard, but it is worth it. Since I finished PSY 111, I miss it very much!
Dr. Fontain is not as bad as people say he is. I think that if you do the work and study you will get a good grade. This is not a class that you can sleep through. You will know your stuff after having his class. I like him and I think he is very fair. He gives you a list of objectives to study from so you will know what is going to be on his tests
I took psych 101 with her online and she was amazing. Her lectures are very organized and structured. The textbook is necessary for reading and understanding the lecture material better. She gives a midterm and a final, all based on her lectures and textbook. Overall, she is a great professor. She is good on email and will get back to you.
great enthusiasm, really knows his stuff
Great teacher. So much fun to have.
Great guy. Very helpful, makes class interesting. Great sense of humor. Class always worth attending
Scott is the best teacher ever! He is so passionate about science, and is extremely engaging. I came into the class not really sure what to expect, but Scott has definitely made me interested in pursuing a career in Biology. He's also my adviser, and he is full of helpful suggestions and funny anecdotes. Make sure to take a class with him!
easy easy easy, as long as you do the speechs and outlines, and hw notes and show up you will pass. i think i got close to a perfect score in the class.
I took McCune while starting my B.A.; he'll always be my favorite teacher. If you're religious & weak in your faith, you'll hate him. If you're not religious or your faith isn't dependent on the opinions of others, you'll love him. Don't write your papers like it's an English class - think!! Explain your opinion, for or against, & you'll get an A+.
very good at relating to his students. Great sense of humor and amicable.
You'll work for her but when you're done, you'll be a much better writer. She is helpful, clear, and fair. She will go over your writing with you as much as you want and you will improve greatly. Just keep working and you'll get an A.
yea i know soc 105 is sooo easy but compared to other ppl who took this class with other profs i learned much more.. because dr. marrone is da best teacher ever... very beautiful person!!! <3
You cant meet a nicer teacher. She is so helpful if you need it, and she has fair tests. Just make sure that you do the readings, tests seem to be based largely on readings.
I loved this class, and I think that he did a great job teaching it.
Best prof I've had yet! She makes eng. courses interesting.
Uses a European method of teaching, which fits with the material. Fairly hard class, but I learned a lot. Good guy, as well. Likes dogs.
For a lower level spanish class i can understand how she could be considered hard. But if you are taking someone above 201 she is an AMAZING teacher, and i highly recommend her.
Easy 'A', gotta take this class. Plus he is so cute!
this was the most interesting class i have taken so far. her lectures are very funny and she allows a lot of time for class discussion, plus the tests are ridiculously easy.
Dr. Popovish is awesome. Her tests come straight from class lectures, and she is easy to understand and interesting. She'll make you laugh too. Take good notes, do some reading, and you'll do well.
I would recommend him to anyone taking this class. Helpful and passionate.
He is a good professor. For the exams, make sure you study the old exams; he will provide the old solutions on BB. Even if you do not know how to answer one, it is very likely that the answer is the same as in the practice exams; he probably played with it to confuse you. Take notes, go to class; know all the ratios, and you will get an A.
Fantastic teacher. Makes information fun and easy to relate to. Tests are hard but if you study you can do really well. He's got a fantastic mullet and does great South Park impersonations.
Oh my god! I love Schneider! He's a GREAT teacher.. Tends to be slow paced but he's a GREAT teacher! He's a sweet old man haha. Alsolutely helpful to ALL students. He lets you rewrite essays. He explains things clearly. BEST ENGLISH Writing professor! I'm going to take him again for ENGWR 300!! :)
Not bad. He has a sense of humor and he also manages to keep the attention of his students.
She is extremely helpful and very clear about the material. The tests are extremely easy, but of course you have to study. There is no reason anyone shouldn't get an A in the class since she gives a study guide for exams and everything is you need to study is stated.
FAVORITE TEACHER. Gives really good review sheets. Lets you use a formula sheet for all the exams. Gives a lot of partial credit on exams even if you got the wrong answer. Weights dif test problems differently to raise your grade. She wants people to do well. If you just go to most of the classes and do review problems you can easily get an A.
He is AWESOME! EXTREMELY knowledgeable on his subjects. He has a great sense of humor: very sharp! SUPER FUN class, generally easy grader, too. There's a lot of reading and not much to participate in if you don't do the assignment. This class gave me new insights into many social issues which was good for personal growth.
One of, if not the, best professor the university has to offer. Very clear in his teaching and very easy to do well in his class if you do the minimal work required of you.
He's a really nice man who cares about his students and wants them to succeed. He helps anyone and his office door is always open.
very laidback and down to earth guy! willing to help you outside the classroom. material kinda boring but great professor! Take him!
If you are closed-minded you will rate this great professor poorly. He is brilliant and unique. His classes are fabulous. He presents an unusual perspective and lets you choose your preference. BUT, you have to demonstrate an awareness of alternative views to the mainstream.
Professor Cat Mahaffey was such a good teacher!! This was probably the only class that I actually learned anything from this year because of everything being online. I would definitely recommend her she really cares about her students and wants you to do well!
He's SO adorable, I love him. He's so devoted to teaching and he's such an inspiration. God bless him. I'm not sure what I got in the class but I know I did fair. Lab is 1/3 of your grade which wasn't hard at all. Tests are 67%, lowest grade counts less than the other two. If you do the connect hw it'll bump up your overall grade by 1/2.
This class was very interesting, I learned a lot. Dr. Aiken really knows the material and makes class very entertaining.
This was my favorite class and professor this semester. The lectures were very interesting and did not just contain all the usual/basic things we learned in US History in high school. EVERYTHING is done on paper in class. There are many quizzes, but he always gave us notice. There is some extra credit. He is willing to work with students a lot.
Tracey is a blast to have as a professor! He's always open to questions if you don't understand. It is tough to NOT do well in this course as long as you show up to class. He will provide questions similar to those on midterms and the finals, even questions directly from the test. I didn't open my textbook once so don't bother buying it.
Dr. Hoeger really knows his chemistry and makes the information very easy to understand. The midterms and tests are difficult and very math heavy but if you understand the material and do the homework you should be fine. I would definitely take him for other chem classes in the future.
lectures are fun becuase he's funny and seems to really love the topic. the class is easy if you write really fast, take good notes, and are a good listener. also the tests are not easy, but he's not a hard grader. i would definitely reccomend this class because i learned a lot and had fun.
Professor Monk is very nice, and she's very knowledgeable. Her tests are fairly easy. A lot of in class lectures are basically BS though. Overall, I would recommend her as a professor.
Russ is by far my favorite professor at UD. He's very engaging during lecture and his a great speaker. He's extremely knowledgable and genuinely cares about the students. Tests weren't that bad and discussions were easy. I'd recommend him for any class he teaches.
I love him!! 10 question test every week, but all material comes from class lectures and he uses powerpoints. random attendance, but adds 5 points to final grade if you have perfect attendance. he's really nice and adds a little bit of humor sometimes, tells a lot of stories. DEF. take him if you can!!
Great professor, loves what he does. He makes psych so interesting. I would definitely would recommend him to any and all.
Not easy but be realistic about your performance. She is a good teacher especially one on one so go to her for help during office hours if you are not getting it. Her tests are hard but fair.
Will is a really nice guy, funny, and knows his stuff. Excellent calc professor
I enjoyed the class. I especially liked the chapter reviews
He cusses a lot and makes a lot of innuendoes, but overall, he is very effective at teaching the stuff and opening closed minded Americans minds to the rest of the world.
Incredible professor. She really tries to make sure you understand the material and gives plenty of study guides/practice exams to help you prepare. My only regret with this class is that I didn't attend as much as I should have. Go to class, she actually makes it fun to attend class.
Dr. Forbes has a lot of great stories that make the material stick. Lecture was never boring.
This class is for people who want to LEARN.
He's is a lot of fun and he cute, the work isn't to hard and you can easly get an A with you work at it.
This was one of my favorite classes at UD thus far. Devon is very knowledgable and really knows poetry. Classes were always a lot of fun and I learned so much. This class in particular we did not get grades throughout the semester, but if you hand everything in and are trying your best, you do well. Definitely take her if you have the opportunity!
Great class and professor. He made me want to be a Cog Sci major. This class is awesome for teaching exactly how perceptions work. I would recommend this class to anyone.
Makes it very easy and wants you to learn the material so he does everything in his power to make sure you understand and get a good grade. Very helpful and thorough.
YO Panda is the man. If you are a non-english major then you'll love Panda. I didn't learn a whole lot about writing, but he always lead thought provoking class discussions and had a fun time in class. I didn't feel like it was a waste of time like with some profs, but I also didn't feel overwhelmed by this class. Cool guy to talk to as well.
Great teacher, makes the work fun, passionate about his job, take this class!
hes such a nice guy and really cares about his students. there weren't a lot of assignments and everything could be finished in a day but your grade is mostly dependent on the tests. there wasn't extra credit but he gave so many free points and curved the tests. i would totally take him again!
very nice, very helpful. do all your work and you'll do good. try to get her
He assigned a lot of reading, but I didn't do probably 75% of it. His lectures are the main thing to pay attention to and he provides study guides for the exams. His lectures can be rambling sometimes but overall, the class was great and I learned a lot. We had to write two papers over the semester and he was very helpful with them.
ACCT 2 - Show up, Do homework, read book and you will do fine.
Angela is a very fair teacher, she makes you work for your grade, but helps you learn every step of the way. She is by far my favorite teacher, I learned so much from her.
Very helpful and thoughtful teacher. I've learned a lot from this course. She's very fair and is interested in her student's success
Will make the class seem really hard but overall its not. A great professor and very helpful. Take him if you can you may actually learn something.
I loved Professor Odle. She is so happy and passionate every single class. Attendance isn't really mandatory, but I recommend going anyway. She's a real sweetheart.
I've taken several econ classes with him and he makes the material pretty easy to understand. if you go to the review class you are guaranteed to see part of the final! questions for the test come right out of the notes!! this guy is awesome take all the classes you can with him!!
Dr. Barrett is extremely knowledgeable and a great professor. He does teach like it is the 70's in that he expects you to really learn the content rather than just regurgitate information. This is an extremely hard course but I learned a lot. Come to every class and he will give bonus points. Also if you don't come you won't pass.
Dr. Barrett does a fantastic job teaching a difficult subject. Statistics are difficult to grasp and you won't do so by simply attending class. He doesn't assign any homework, but there are quizzes every now and then to help you practice what you're learning. He is very flexible with students and very funny during his lectures.
Dr. Barrett is a neat guy. He is very old school. Sometimes he gets off topic and discusses things other than statistics, but he makes an effort to get to know each of his students. Grade is determined by average of 3 tests but if you miss less than 7 classes, he adds 4 points to your final average. Talk to him each class and youll be fine.
I love Dr. Barrett! He is probably my favorite teacher i have had out of almost 3 years here. You have to go to class, and slightly prepare for the quizzes. They are taken for attendence, and count as a whole test grade in the end!SO GO TO CLASS! He makes stats and the class very fun and entertaining!And he gives a GREAT studyguide for the tests!
He is so funny and nice! I took this class for a humanities requirement and it's an easy A! You only have 3-4 essays and that's it. Class is discussion-based and he is a very understanding person.
I loved taking this class! Personally, I hate public speaking because I'm very shy but he made the class very comfortable and he helps you with any nervousness! You have to do two speeches and answer a lot of questions for homework but it's easy. He's very helpful, understanding, and responds to your emails fairly quickly.
Best TV teacher you'll ever have. You actually use the equipment instead of just reading about it in a book. Fun and informative. Down-to-Earth guy. If you have any problems, he'll listen. Take this class if you're looking for a break from boredom.
Very rigorous; I got a lot out of his class.
the best professor i have had in my 3 yrs at BSC. Litvin is nice and open minded and i actually look forward to his class. we sit in a circle and just talk about relationships and life. Litvin is a great professor and gives no homework and No testS! just talk in class and he'll love you.
Dr. Johnson has easily been the best professor I've had during my college career. She is so passionate about the material she teaches and makes herself accessible to students for any needs they have- academically or personally. Will definitely take another course with her if I have the chance to.
Very good teacher. Heavy on homework, but it only counts for 1/9th of your grade at the end, so you can miss a few and still be fine. Tests are right out of the book/homework, and are usually very easy to understand. VERY understanding, and VERY helpful. Take him if you can.
She is very interesting to listen to and keeps you attention on the material. She is also super helpful in class, and outside of class, and very easy to talk to. Keeps the lectures clear, and test very representative of material she lectures on. Answers any and all questions.
Dr. Hoeger's class is no cakewalk, but he is super helpful and gives you exactly what you need to study. He is approachable at office hours. Midterms were based off the Sapling homework. Make sure you study his slides, and the book is highly recommended to read! Final was easier than the midterms. Dr. Hoeger gives many opportunities for help.
I had him for 6A as well, and I found myself working just as hard. His tests are rather difficult, but he gives you so much opportunity to boost up your grade. He is an entertaining lecturer because he incorporates storytime and jokes. My TA, Corey, was also very good, so he helped a lot in clearing up the concepts. Overall, GREAT professor.
Great Professor. Great lectures, very clear and detailed. Hard labs and a lot of homework but they do help you learn the material. The Professor has a great sense of humor and will even talk to you online. Overally awesome teacher and class.
Dr. Russ was an amazing professor!! He is so knowledgeable and passionate about the subject. So nice too!
Much better than Meade. Very good teacher. allows a lot of dialogue. Take Young, avoid Meade at all costs!
Dr. Willett is amazing! She is one of my favorite history teachers by far! Her lectures are interesting, and she doesn't use a textbook. Tests are essay based, but her and her TA's aren't tough graders. I would take her again and again!
He is very helpful, basically impossible to fail. I took 5 classes got all A's.
he is such a cute little man. he will help you with anything! attendance is important and sutdy for quizzes and you will do fine. he tells really intresting stories to help you remember things, and only cares about you doing well in his class.
He's the coolest prof i've ever had! He makes learning a lot of fun, and he's such a happy and energetic guy. 5 stars and 2 thumbs up for this chap. (Plus he sounds like Mo from the simpsons and its kinda funny sometimes....) :)
Dr. Evans is a great instructor who shows empathy and compassion for her students. She is very knowledgeable about the courses she teaches. Be prepared for reading and take notes on the lectures because there will be questions about them on exams. Overall good experience so long as you are willing to put in the time and effort.
I really liked this teacher...if you have sociology w/her or need to take sociology I would recommend you take it w/her she's really good at her teaching styles very understanding w/the students and she does not take late work or likes anyone to come in late to class. But she is still the best teacher I've ever had.
I loved this class. He taught it very well, he did not make you feel stupid when you asked a question. I recommend this class.
Dr. Fanning is the BEST accounting teacher. His final is somewhat hard, but other than that, he is very nice, tells you exactly what to study and makes accounting easy. Definetely take him if you dont like accounting. He makes it understandable.
He is one of my favorite professors in SDSU. Very helpful, funny, and caring for his students. This class is almost exactly the same as the lower division 141B except for the short essay questions on tests. I highly recommend it, you will have a good time and learn something, plus meeting your GE requirements.
It was an on-line class, but he was there to help answer any questions we had on the subject, and he was always there and willing to help us understand the subject better!
This is the most interesting class that i have ever taken! Prof Jenny is so spunky even at her 8 am classes. She loves for students to ask for help when they dont understand. She is also very friendly and easy to talk to.
Prof. Norris is an absolutely incredible teacher. He has tons of experience, is very methodical and organized, explains things clearly, and is a fantastic musician himself. He takes things slow at first, and random discussions sometimes waste class time, but things will get difficult quickly. He is always willing to help, use his office hours!
Capodilupo is amazing! Take him if you have the chance. Do not buy the book, it'll just sit and collect dust. Do buy his note pack and add notes throughout lectures. Memorize the note pack and your additional notes and you will be just fine. Very straightforward. He is extremely passionate about what he does and he wants to see you succeed!
Great professor, very nice, will explain things if you dont understand them! I learned a lot from this class!
Dr. Burg is one of my favorite professors. She is so nice and helpful. She posts study guides for exams that cover everything that will be on the exam. Book was not necessary, but I used it to supplement the notes while studying and did well in her class! Best micro prof at GV!
This is a very tough class - you MUST study A LOT! Dr. Long is a fantastic teacher who really knows his stuff. He has more office hours than any professor I have ever had and is willing to work with people as much as needed. He really wants his students to succeed! If you really want to succeed in this course, show up for class!!
Ms. Spradling is the best CS professor I have taken so far. She has been out there in the job market herself, has worked in a factory, done everything you could possibly think of...she knows what it's like out there. She is the most caring and knowledgeable teacher I've had so far.
Devon has easily become my most favorite professor at this school, and her class was spectacular. The class dynamic was fun and comfortable, and she obviously knows her stuff. I always left feeling enlightened and at peace with myself, and I know I learned a LOT about poetry. Plus, she cares profoundly about her students. Best class I've ever had.
I took Calc I and II with Prof Beck. She is by far the most helpful professor I've had, she really looks out for her students. She presents the material in a manner that just makes it extremely easy to understand. Weekly quizzes are alright, exams are pretty intense. Do the homework and pay attention in class.
Great lecturer...tests aren't easy, but the class is wonderful
The best! You will learn what you need to know about math and teaching math.
Best professor in GSP-- hands down. She is truly inspiring, the work is enjoyable, and you will learn and grow. Take Jazz Voices Jazz Lives!
yay she got me through orgo! she is the BEST! she makes orgo not easy but understandable at least. take her for orgo--you won't regret it! she tells you exactly what you need to know and is very organized.
Awesome guy, really cares about the subject matter.
She is an awesome professor. You would think a geology class would be boring and lame, but she makes it a breeze in lecture. The tests are book only, if you have any questions she will help you out. She is also very fun.. So.. Take her!
Great teacher, keeps things interesting, always willing to listen to other viewpoints
Hands Down, Best Teacher I have had at Loyola. Great guy, funny-just a great experience
This woman is an angel. I always looked forward to her class. I only have good things to say. She loves her students and is clearly passionate about educating and is not authoritarian like a lot of the professors I had this year. She really wants to make sure her students understand the material. She is very personable and engaging.
keep up and you will do fine, good at explaining, speaks english
are u kidding?? CR/NC?! who are you? he is THE easiest prof i've ever had. didn't read and all you have to do is have him read your paper before you turn it in. I got an A-, maybe you deserved your bad grade and it's not his fault.
Best prof I've had in the math department. Actually, makes you understand the material is very helpful. Great being in his class and he does not over exhaust you with homework problems he gives you enough to be able to understand the material.
Best Teacher ever- Take this class
Professor Dr. Evans is a wonderful teacher, supportive, and caring of her students. I would recommend her to anyone. Put in the time, effort, and work and you will do fine. She replies to emails quickly and she is more than willing to help you. She also gives extra credit opportunities. Remember it is an upper division class :)
The funniest professor I've ever met. Engaging, intelligent, knowledged. Hard as hell. Take him if you're a math major, otherwise avoid like the plague.
Tells you only what you need to know. great prof
VERY GOOD PROFESSOR!!A MUST TAKE! MOST CARING PERSON I HAVE EVER MET!
this has to be the best teacher ive ever had! makes the course fun, funny, always willing to help. go to his office hours and he'll give you some exam answers!! this is great :)
Best Math teacher I've ever had. His friendly and helpful personality makes the class go smoothly for me (even though I'm pretty bad at math). He makes math as fun as it can be with his corney remarks and jokes.
Heather Neff will change your life! This woman knows her stuff! She will inspire you everytime you enter her class. She is very direct about what will be on her test and holds many study sessions by her SI leader and her GA. This class is the most amazing class I've had at Eastern by far. I would recommend her to anyone!
He's so intelligent, and one of the greatest teachers on this campus. Fascinating class, that is absolutely impossible to bad in, if you go to class. DO NOT TAKE ASTRONOMY WITH ANYONE ELSE!!!!!!!
One of the best professors i've ever had
She is awesome!!!
This was one of the best corses I have ever taken she is a great professor
Sandy rules!!!
He is the best professor I have ever had
One of the all-time best professors I've ever had.
One of the best prof. at UMO
One of the best teachers I've had here
Very good experience!!!
Great teacher!!!!
The best Poli Sci professor ever!!!!
FREAKEN HOTTTT!!!! I LOVE THIS GUY and a great teacher
HE IS A HOTTIE TAKE HIM JUST CAUSE!!!!!!!!!!
OMFG!!!
Enthusiatic and funny!!!!
Actually one of the best classes there is
One of the best instructors i have ever had.
Walt is AWESOME!!!! :) One of the most caring professors I have ever had!
he is a great teacher
he is one of the best teacher I ever had
BEST TEACHER EVER - FULL OF WIN. 10,000000 POINTS!!!!
One of the best out there!
The greatest!!!
CUTE!!! SEXY!!! EXCELLENT TEACHER
he is a great teacher and he is totally fun!!! he is the coolest professor that i have had all semester!!!! you rock man!
Probably one of the best professors in the department
will kicks!!!
Great teacher!!!!!
The best teacher ever!!!! All the other comments are BS
simply the best!!!
BEST MATH TEACHER EVER!!!!!!!!
BEST PROF EVERRRR!!!!!!
One of the best professors I've had
AWSOME PROFESSOR!!!! :):)
GREAT TEACHER!!!!
Great Class one of the best proffesors up here. Looking forward to taking another one of his classes!!!!!!!!
LOVE HER!!!!!!! She is amazing in this class and i recommend her no matter what math you have to take - try to get Tighe!!!!
THIS GUY IS THE BEST!!!!!!!! HE IS THE FUNNIEST MAN ALIVE!! He makes learning Java fun =) Hope I get him for future CPS courses!!
Way awesome math teacher!!!! Highly recommend!
hands down one of the best profs i have had
HILARIOUS!!!
Excellent prof. Very funny. One of the best profs I have ever had.
Very knowledgable and fun. One of the best professors I've ever had.
One of the best profs ever. =)
YOU Rule!!!! See you in 203!
He is awesome!!!!! He makes coming to class so much fun!!!!
This was an awesome class. He is a great professor.
One of the Best professors on the campus
This man is a GOD!!!!!!!!!!!! He's the hottest thing ever. All I could do in class is dream about what he could do to me during his office hours. I wish he would teach more classes I just can't get enough.
Jennifer Factor!!!!!!! Not that JLo
Interesting class. He is a very differnt kind of teacher. DO THE STUDY GUIDE!!!!!! He's is very funny for an older man.
Best teacher I have ever had.
one of the professors I have ever had
AMAZING!!! BEST TEACHER AND CLASS!!!
super!!!
Really good and Governor was great!!!!!!
DIVERGENT THINKING IS NOT BAD!!!!
SSSSSSSSSSSWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!
AWESOME Professor!!! One of the best professors I have ever had!!!!
She is one of the best professors I have ever had. Funny,smart, inspiring
he was soooo great!!!
Brenneman is the man. He's awesome!!!
One of the best professors
BEST PROF!!!!!!!
BEST prof. EVER!!!!!!!!! Tests are very fair. He explains VERY well. He posts all of his old tests online with the answers. If you study you'll do great! :)
A Great Prof!!!!
BEST PROF EVER!!!
GREAT Professor!!!! Good Mentor!!!
Best porfessor i ever had!!!
One of the best profs I had at TCU!!!
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not only is he an amazing teacher, but hot as hell!!!!!go tracey go
SEXY!!!
She's one of the best teachers I've ever had. One of the nicest human beings as well.
Awesome teacher!!! Great lecturer
Laura Rocks!!!!!!!!!!!
Laura is the best!!!
I LOVE LAURA!!!
AWSOME!!! SHE"S GREAT!!!!
GREATEST TEACHER AND CLASS!! just go to class,take notes and do work!!!!!!!!!!!
AWESOME TEACHER!!! Interesting to listen to and extremely fair, also!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome Prof. Hot Spit!!!!
I loved dr d, if you get the chance definately take him!!!!
Sass is one of the best in the department!
Best Teacher i have ever had in UDEL !!!! She is simply GR8
I love this Man!!!!!!!!! He is the best history teacher
russ rocked our worlddddd!!! amaazing teacher!!!lj!!!
One of the best professors I've had, extremely helpful
One of the best prof at MSU. Highly recommended just do the work go over his examples and you should be fine !!!! Easy A !!!
the best!!!! so helpful and nice. explains everything clearly
AWESOME! if u want to understand, learn, and remember calculus, and can do 5 homework problems -- this is a class for u! and he is not stingy on praise, if u do well!!!!!!!!! love u, prof.!!!!!
FUNNIEST professor on earth!!!!!!!; and he explains the material well. Very enjoyable class...the midterm was fair.
what!!!!! gaut was the BEST!!! he was soooo funny! i loved him!!!! the best
Very Very good!!!
GREAT PROF!!!!
One of the best teachers i've had
One of the best profs ever!
bob rules!!!! i love him and he inspires me!
Best teacher i have ever had.
He knows EVERYTHING!!!
Truly one of the best professors I have ever taken!
one of the best teachers i have ever had!
One of the best professors I've had.
Dr. Clark is by far the best English teacher I have had at SVSU. Take him! I love him!!! I want to marry him!!!!!
BEST DAMN TEACHER!!!!!
One of the best Comm profs I ever had.
One of the best teachers ever!
Absolutely awesome!!!
AWWWWWESOME!!!
excellent teacher!!!
Awesome teacher! Loved the class, allowed revisions for papers!!!!
She ROCKS! Phenomenal pianist and great personality. She makes it fun!!!!!!!!!
THE BEST PROF EVER!!!
he is one of the best
the best class i have ever taken!!!! Jesus is the man.
GReat Class!!!! Best class in college life
One of the best teachers I ever had!
he is the BEST. you will have sooo much fun. he always makes the classes sooo interesting. take him!!!!!!!!!!!
great professor!!! you want to go to class
VERY NICE AND FUNNY!!!
Great teacher!!!!!!!!! THE BEST!
BEST TEACHER EVER!!!!1!!!!!!!
This guy by far is the best professor I ever had. Take him!!!!!!!!!!!!! He loves teaching, and will answer any question students ask. Everytime a question is asked he has a bright smile on his face.
great class!!!
Great!!!
Awesome one of the best here!!!
margaret rocks!!!!!!
Great teacher. He is one of the best in the BME program! yay!
This woman is the best teacher EVER!!!!
Dr. Cappy!!! He's a great prof, TAKE HIM!!! :D
She is an excellent teacher!!!
GREAT PROFESSOR!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the BEST teachers I have ever had, he is so funny!!! Highly recommend taking his class!!!!!
Great Guy will do anything to help you to better understand take this class!!!!!
One of the best.
She is so awesome!!!!!!!
She is the best teacher I have ever had.
Intro to Philosophy - one of the best teachers i've ever had.
one of the best teachers
Definately the best.... easy tests, makes class FUN!!!!
TAKE THIS COURSE!!!!!!!! I cannot stress that enough!! It was fun and SOOOO easy
Great professor, learned a lot and was very helpful. Highly recomended!!!!
had her for semester at sea and she is AWESOME!!!!!! I wish she taught at my school!!!
absolutely one of THE best professors at UVa
One of the best professors in the nation.
Easily one of the best professors I've had.
one of the very best
She is wonderful!!!!!! One of the best teacher ever! Really nice, helpful and tricky(just sometimes for fun).
One of the top few teachers I've ever had.
AMAZING!!!!!!!! I LOVE HIM!
he's great!!!
YOU SHOULD WANT TO MARRY THIS WOMAN AFTER TAKING THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!
He is a great teacher.
EASIEST TEACHER EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
AMAZING!!!! Canceled class all the time. Easy class
Best ever!!!
She is awesome!!!!! Very understanding and helpful!
One of the best teachers at GVSU!!!
the best teacher I've ever had.
Great class!!!
She is wonderful and always very willing to help, love the class!!!!
best class ever!!!!!!!!!!!
Dave is da bomb! Take him for sho!!!!
GREAT AT WHAT HE DOES!!!!!
One of the best teacher's ever!!! Material is hard but interesting. GO TO CLASS!
Great english teacher. Extrememly helpful and nice. Take if possible!!!!!!!
Awesome!!!
I love this prof soooooooo much!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE PETER!!!!
if you read the books you will pass the class, she is a great prof!!!!
my favorite AC professor!!!
Amazing Take Him!!!
Awsome teacher, take him!!!!!! you'll learn a lot
I love him! He is so nice. You really have to do the work to get a good grade (pay attention, read the text), but he makes the class so enjoyable for students. I loved his classes!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome teacher if you do the work. One of the best professors i've had!
AWESOMENESS!!!!!!!!!!:)
This teacher is one of the best, a great teacher, very helpful
He's the best teacher I've ever had. Teachers like him should always prevail!!!!
Great teacher!!!!!! Take his class!!!!!!
Professor Rice is awesome!!!
he doesnt curve!!!!
Great Professor. One of the best at Kettering.
I liked him a lot. He made philosophy fun!!!!
EXCELLENT PROF.... WONDERFUL GUY,,,,GREAT CLASS...TAKE IF YOU CAN!!!!!!!!!!!!
this guy is aMAZing!!!! take his class!!!! it is VERY interactive and engaging. there is never a dull moment in this class, and you learn so much. he is also very helpful and a generally nice guy. im taking him again!!!!
TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!! gives SOOO much extra credit and you watch movies a lot. take during may if you can!!
One of the best. Highly recomended
One of the Best Profs I've ever had!!!! AWESOME class!
If he's as good at barbecue as his son is then this guy is legit!!!!!!! Also adorable!!!!
One of the best teachers I have ever had!!! You'll be missing out!!!!
one of the best profs at GVSU
One of the best professors I've ever had
Helluva teacher and and awesome guy just in general. DONT SKIP CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!
Pmat is one of the best profs I have ever had! take her!
Very nice! HARD class, study a lot for quizzes and exams. go to lecture!!!!!!!
INCREDIBLE PROF, HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER!!!!
VERY GOOD LOOKING!!!
INCREDIBLE PROF, HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM!!!!
I LOVE HIM!!!!! He's the greatest
Matchett is the Best prof I've ever had!!! A blackbelt Kung Fu teacher!!!!!!!!
this guy is the most. one of the best teachers i've ever had.
COOL!!!
GREAT PROF!!!
great class!!!learned a lot!!!take it!
don't be absent!!!!!
BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!!
The best teacher EVER!!!!
You have to have her, she's the Bomb!!!!
She is a great teacher
She is so freaking funny!!!! Love her to death!!!
One of the best professors I've ever had!!
This gut should be fired!!!!!!!
Wonderful!!! Helpful!! all around GREAT GUY. Fun class GET HIM IF YOU CAN!!!!!!!
one of the best teachers i've ever had
he's one of the best professor here.
Good Prof. made the work easy, but final was hard!!!!!!!
Tough class, but she is quite helpful!!!! Always available for you and makes class FUN!!!
Definetely take Dori, she is the BEST!!!!!
He cracks me up with his humor and grin!!!!! Adorable and informative!!!!!
such a cutie! awesome prof, really cares about his students!!!!
Extremely fair and clear. One of the BEST Professors I have ever had!!
He is a great guy, very smart and willing to help students!!!! A+++++++++
AMAZING PROF!!! BEST CLASS EVER!!!!!! SHE IS SO AWESOME! TAKE THIS CLASS ASAP!
Great teacher..one of the best
He is the best prof I have ever had! You'll love the class I PROMISE!!!!
she is the greatest living human being!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WOW!!!!!!!! Awesome! I wanted to make it to every class just to see what he was going to say next.
ooh he's so delightfully handsome!!!!!!
BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!!
She is one of the best Prof.'s I have ever had!!
Love her!!!!!!
Awesome! He was definately the best teacher ever!!!!!
Awesome teacher...very nice! Makes info. interesting!!!!
Great teacher. Very helpful if you ask and explains things very well. Don't have to do the workbook exercises. Take her!!!!!!!!!!
Great!!! helpful and interesting-
She is the BEST!!!! She is so nice. I love her class.
THE DOG!!!! enough said.
One of the best teachers I have had...
Penny is awesome!!!
He knows what he is talking about and gets your creative juices flowing!!!!!!!!!
GREAT!!!!
Very helpful and VERY HOT!!!
THE MAN!!! Please take him, he is one of the best!
He's a nice guy, very helpful, tests and exams are really easy!!!!!
THE BEST PROF EVER!!!
Tom ROCKS!!!! The coolest teacher I've ever had
Awesome prof!!! Will learn a ton about life, and the ins and outs of bus.!!!!!!
Nice teacher...funny man...relates well to our age....take this class!!!!!
Awesome Teacher!!!!!!
He's one of the best profs. I've had
She is wonderful!!!!
An awesome teacher!!!
so very inspirational!!!
wonderful teacher !!!
One of the best teachers I've had in my life!
Amazing teacher!!! Very clear and concise! Knows her stuff!!!
Also, by far the best prof. for thermo!!!!
He is awesome!!! The best professor at this school by far!!!
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!! i want him to teach every single class i take!!!!!!
TAKE THIS CLASS VERY FUN!!!!
Amazing Professor!!! I learned more in this one class then in many combined!!!!
Good teacher!!!!!!
REALLY interesting class!!!!! Very EASY!!!!!!!
GREAT!!!!
I WANT HIM TO BE MY GRANDPA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3
Funny, helpful...one of the best
I loved this class!!!!!!!! he is great! Very helpful
SHE'S AWESOME!!!!!!!! she made me love anthropology and really think!
BEST TEACHER!!!!!! so nice to his students!!!
I LOVE HIM!!!!!!!!!!
very cool guy. very easy going and understanding. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
Money is the MAN!!!!!
Excellent!!! TAKE HIM!!!
SO AWESOME!!!
Tom is one of the best profs at NMU!He EARNED that Excellence in Teaching award!!!One of the most helpful, understanding profs you could possibly have.Will regale you with wild tales from his youth and even though he is an older guy is quite attractive in a strange way! Take his classes NOW!!!!!!!!!
One of the best teachers ever.
One of the best, most helpful teachers I have ever had.
One of the best teachers I ever had
ANDERTON IS THE MAN!!!
AWESOME MAN!!! HE KICKS [BUTT]!!! ANDERTON IS THE MAN!! THE ULTIMATE PROF!!!!
mr light is one of the best teacher i have even had in GRCC. he is one of the best. take him and you will love him.
Awesome teacher!!!! Nice and sincere guy!!!
One of the best teachers at SHU
love her!!!best teacher ever!!!
BEST MATH PROF!!!!!!! I WISH I COULD HAVE HER FOR 122 BUT MY BIOLOGY CLASS IS AT THE SAME TIME SHE TEACHES =/ GET HER!!!! I LOVE HER
One of the best teachers I've ever had.
AWESOME!!!!! i love going to his lectures. its actually good!
Awesome the best ever!!!
One of the best professors at Michigan State.
One of the best proffs I've ever had at State!
Cheat sheet!!!!
Best English Teacher I ever had!!!!!
Very helpful, very nice, all around awesome teacher!!!!
He is the best professor ever!!!
TAKE HIM, TAKE HIM!!!!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!!!! he's an awesome professor. The people that complain about him should change thier major because he is really good at explaining wha sociology is and to me is a wonderful subjec!!!!! he's awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AWESOME!!!
Awesome dude!!!!!!!!!!!!!
teacher is a ****. cool as a polar bears toe nails! really relaxed. students teach each other, cake walk!!!!!!!
One of the best teachers I have ever had
WAY COOL TEACHER!!!!!!!!
YANSAK IS OFF THE HIZZLE FO SHIZZLE!!!! great teacher
Lindsay is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! Her class was the best class I have ever had. She is so helpful and so is simply the best!!!!!!!!!!!
Easy A!!!! If you go to class and actually listen, you'll be fine!
Great enthusiastic professsor!!!
you may think it is going to be easy because the begining is, but it gets so hard. He is very helpful and HOT!!!!!
HOT!!!!!!
One of the best teachers I've ever had before. He is helpful and nice.
IVAN IS AWESOME!!!!!
IVAN ROCKS!!!!
love her!!!
She has a lot of knowledge. She is one of the best professors at SDSU!!
Definitely one of the best profs I've ever had!
Very easy class. He is a great teacher and loves what he does. He is hilarious!
Best teacher ever!!!!
he ias one of the best, I have ever had. Definetly take him!!!!
One of the best professors in the Universe!!!
He's Great!!!
One of the best teachers at SIUC.
One of the best professors I've ever had.
Finlay is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!his class is boring but if you sit up front you can be awed by his beautiful balded head. Easy B, can get an A if you are a great guesser
I LOVE HOYT PURVIS!!!!!!!!!
I miss Mr. Kemp!!!!!!
One of the BEST teachers in the WCOB
Best professor I have ever had.
Doc is the best professor i have ever had!!!
I thought Dr.P was very interesting. He is articulate, intelligent, insightful and helps to ensure the students gain a true understanding of what it means to be an anthropologist. He completely rocks!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best teachers out there
take him, although dull his class is easy!!!!
Best professor I've ever had.
Professor Ault is Freaken hot. Whats up to all the Ault groupies!!!!!
SHE ROCKS!!!
Dr. Moe is the Dumbledore to my Harry Potter. And talk about Hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best, fun, and takes it well when people to impressions of him!!!!!! Especially when their done so WELL!!-add figure of speach here
This guy is the best!!!!
Finizio is the best professor. She cares a lot about she students. If you get to go to Italy, definetly go with her!!!!!
He is a great professor
Best Prof at CBU!!!
Loved this guy!!!
he is very funny!!!!!
Great teacher, Tests easy, definately take him!!!!!!!!!
one of the best teachers i've ever had. highly recommended!
One of the best classes I took.
Easily one of the best professors at Marymount.
The best teacher at Marymount!!!
EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best teachers I have ever had. He is always there to help you.
He is one of the Best teachers i've had on this campus
He is one of the Best teachers i've had on this campus
me too!!!!
One of the best teachers I have ever had.
Excellent !!!!!
Professsor Lazenby is the best teacher I have ever had. He helped me to understand the basics of technical writing. great teacher!!!!!
Must Take!!!
Morril is the best prof. I have ever had. He is so awesome!!!!!!!!!! Take him as much as possible. Is exams really are not hard at all if you study for an hour or two you should pass. You really dont have to even take notes. He is so funny and i would laugh all class.
Really caring and helpful!!!
Uncle Bijan is the best professor I have ever encountered. His stories are amazing and inspirational and you will leave every class with a smile. I was excited to attend every class. I recommend everyone to take him if given the chance. I LOVE BIJANN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
very sweet lady!!!
awesome teacher. and the nicest lady i have ever met!!!!
WONDERFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Professor Baker, helped us to look at the way politics influenced films and showed us how to actually not just watch a film for enjoyment but to get the hidden political messages in them. I loved this class!!!!!!!!!!
WOW!!!
She is a great teacher!
she is my favorite!!!!!!
Don't be so hard on him. I've had worse!!!!
one of the best teachers I have ever had in college.
Mrs. B is honestly the best!!! She doesn't give out a lot of work and she gives a lot of time for the essays. Super caring and always in a good mood in class!!! Want to pass English? Take Her!!!!!!!!!!!!! Highly suggested!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She is the best english teacher I have ever had. TAKE HER!!!
AMAZZIIINNNNGGGGG!!! great prof...so much fun!!!! i wish all teachers were like him
He is one of the nicest professors I have ever had.
SOOOO EASY!!!!!!!!!
great class!!!
Awesome prof! One of the best I have EVER had!
Best teacher I've ever had.
don't ever dis the man!!!!!!
Wow, quite possibly the best class I've ever taken. He's clear, he's fair, and he's really funny. Plus, he picks the best reading material, not hard at all...there's nothing like an open book test :) FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Johnnie Terry is HOOOOOOOOT!!!!!!!!
Professor Hunter is one of the best teacher I've ever had. Great human being.
one of the best
Mr. H is awesome...one of the best!!!!!!!
shes awesome !!!
BEST CLASS EVER!!!!
One of the best CS teachers I've had!
He is AMAZING!!!! The best professor I've ever had...
One of the best profs I have ever had
Dorks need love too!!!!
One of the best Mgmt professors at RPI
This professor is one of the elite at RPI. Other professors should be honored to hold his coffee cup (just to sip from it once)! ROGER IS THE BEST!!!!!!
By far one of the best teachers I've ever had.
One of the best professors I've ever had. She is practical, clear, and concise.
Wow!!!
One of the best teachers I ever had. If you study you will do well. He is very fun and interesting and he cares about his students
He is the best teacher in the world!!!!!!!I think his classes are GREAT!
sexy, sexy, sexy!!!!with a capital S!!!!!
He's so hot he's on fire!!!!
I LOVE THIS MAN!!!
this is a great class!!!!!!!!!!!
This is going to be a great class!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best at GVSU
WONDERFUL TEACHER!! WONDERFUL MAN!!!!
Outstanding UT professor. One of the best!
GRAT TEACHER!!! EASY CLASS
Frickin awesome, she bought our class pizza. we just pretty much hang out and have fun, very fun and easy!!!!!!!!!!
The best professor I have ever had.
Go Arnold!!!! WOOOOHOOOO!!!!!
Dawn, is one of the hardest teachers I have ever had, but she is one of the best.
one of the best teachers I've ever taken.
Dave is one of the best profs at AQ
EASY!!!!!
Dr. Gillin is the BOMB!!!!!
i love him!!!!!! when i grow up, i want to be dr. gillin.
AWESOME!!!!!!!best teacher at IU tough but fair
One of the best
Best Teacher ever!!!
One of the best professors I have ever had.
Mike is awesome! He is very understanding and forgiving. He is a great teacher. He is one of the smartest people that I have ever met!
SHE IS THE BEST!!! EXCELLENT PROFESSOR..I ALWAYS WANTED TO COME TO CLASS!!!!!!...IS A TOUGH GRADER...BUT REPECTS OPINION...TAKE HER IF YOU CAN...SHE MAKES YOU THINK...BUT ITS WORTH IT!!!!!!!
I love this professor! The most respectful person working for CMU, treats students very well. Take him at all costs!!!!!!!!!
Martin Birr is hands down the best professor I have had. Extremely knowledgeable and always there for his students!!!!!
You changed my life!!!!!!!!
SHE RULES!!!!
One of the best lecturers at UW!!!
Great!!!
He's so hot!!!
"...bahhhh bahhh WASSSSSSSUP!!!!"
Can't say enough good things about this guy!!!!!!!!!
Professor Mclean rules!!!
She is one of the best professors I have ever had at WSU!!! I learned a lot in her class.
She is one of the best professors i have ever had. She made class fun!! Everyone, take her classes!!!
One of the best I ever had.
One of the best professors at UMass
w00t! go band!!!
I LOVE MARCHING BAND!!!!!!!!! Its the best.
He's really an amazing educator!!!!
Dale's the best!!!
Best Prof or Teacher that I have ever had-inspired me to be great!!!!!!
WONDERFUL TEACHER!!!! MY FAVORITE HERE!!!
Great teacher!!!
He is a great instructor!!!
One of the best profs CS department has
One of the Best in MSS program
Best teacher I've ever had.
Wonderful lady!!!
Im an international student at Grossmont College and Laura was absolutely GREAT. I love her lectures, they are interesting and helpful! I will miss her class!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SHE IS THE BEST!
Laura is the best thing Grossmont has.. she is very open and expressive very passionate and truthful of what she teaches.. she really makesu want to learn.. i loved her abd recomend her to EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a few tests, quizes that u can use ur notes..
great teacher!!!
This woman is IT! Awesome classes! She puts 100% into everything!! You will miss out if you don't take her classes!!!!!!
VERY NICE AND LAID BACK!!!!! IF YOU COME TO CLASS YOU SHOULD BE FINE
Awesome!!!! You have to go to class everyday and take good notes! Easy!
vic is one of the greatest teachers i have ever taken. he is nice and helpful. take him!!!!
He is the BEST teacher !!!!
Tom is the best man alive!!!!! Every one will love him so take take take this course with him!!!
Tom is the most amazing teacher ever. Take him as soon as you can!!!!!
Becky is cool!!!
Great Teacher!!!
definitely one of my favs!!!
One of the best Profs I've ever had.
awesome awesome awesome!!!
One of the Best professors ever.
he was an awesome teacher! i loved dave!!!!!!!!!
Best Professor I ever had!!!
Very fun!!!
Dr. Garfield is one of the best professors at MSU!
The best teacher in the world!!!!! So much fun.
Fun Fun Fun!!!!!!!! Beth is nothing short of amazing. Classes are all about learning about improving yourself and becoming a better person. Take her without hesitation!
HE'S TOTALLY AWESOME. Simple A+!!!!
Dr. Mary Ferer RULES!!!!
One of the best of WLU physcomp!
Dr. Bezner rulez!!!!!!!
He is one of the best teachers I have ever had.
I love pohlad!!!!!!!
The best everrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!
Great teacher!!!
Jason Detrani is a really great professor. He really cares a lot about his students and wants them to succeed and makes a cinema class a lot of fun. He ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!
RALPH GORDON CARTER III IS THE CHILI DOG KING!!!!!!!!!!!!
We still miss you Jan!!!!!!!!!!!You are still the best DU had.
he knows his stuff!!!
Amazing Prof!!! Take his class
SHE WAS DA BOMB!!!!!!!!!!! Str8 up. She works to your favor...tries to help you as much as possible. I LOVED HER CLASS!!!! SHE WAS GREAT!!
Great professor!!!!!!!!!!!!
HOT!!!
Fabulous teacher - one of the best I've ever had!
amazing!!!
one of the best profs i've ever had
Wahoo!!!
Sun kissed skin and killer smile!!!! He's awesome!
One of the best professors in the university by far!!!
BEST PROF EVER HANDS DOWN!!!!
Most impressive prof I've ever had..!!!
HARD!!! but very interesting speaker!!!
AWESOME!!!!! UW sucks, but he makes it ALL good!!!
Best ECON Class EVER!!!!!!!!!
GREAT!!!! Made me think and lead to personal growth
Best Biology professor ever!!!
super awesome man!!!!
tightest prof. EVER!!!!!
She is AWESOME!!!! There nothin shes not good at!
THE BEST!!!
Such a good teacher!!!
best professor on earth!!!
one of the best profs at x
!!!!Great!!!!
He is one of the best professors in Grossmont college!
One of the best
one of the best teachers I've come across
BEST PROF EVER!! Highly recommend him!!!!!!
This professor is the best. Very helpful.... Must take him!!!!
THIS IS THE BEST MATH TEACHER I'VE TAKEN IN MY LIFE. JUST DO IS WORK AND YOU GET AN EASY A OR B. I HATE MATH BUT WITH THIS TEACHER I GET TO LOVE IT.I TOOK HIM FOR MAT0012 AND MAT0024 AND GOT AN A. THE BEST TEACHER IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hes excellent and i have not even started the class yet!!!!!!!! wow thats awesome!!!!!!! he has helped me so much and school started yesturday!!!!!!!!!
He was my favorite teacher!!!!!
He can teach a dog how to do induction!!!!
one of the best university profs i have ever had.
Awesome and one of the best at this university
sexy man whooohooooo baby lets get it on!!!!!!!!
AWESOME SHOES!!!
I never knew that economics could be so fun!!!!
One Hot Instructor made going to class a pleasure!!!!!!! :-)
this teacher is really good. she explains the subject very well and gives us food everyday!!!!!!!!!!
HAAS ROX!!!
Haas rocks!!! One class I actually looked forward to going to!!!!!!
Haas puts most other teachers to shame. He is amazing!!!!
Eaaaaaaassssssssssssy A!!!
Best teacher ever!!!1
Prof. Harman is the best professor I have ever had.
He is the best!!!
He is OUTSTANDING!!!!
he's the best!!!
love this man!!!
Hard tests but Walsh is brillant and extremely nice. great class!!!!!!!
Probably one of the best teachers I have ever had.
BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!!
Best Teacher Ever!!!
very nice, helpful and fair in grading. take her class!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best teachers I have ever had!
This is one of the best teachers at BC
best lap prof at uncc!!!!!!!!!
Only 4 papers due & portfolio. Easy!!!!!!
Very helpful, makes sure that everyone understands the class. Take him! Best teacher ever!!!!!
One of the best!
never a boring class, great sense of humor!!!!
Owen RULEZ!!!!!!FROM THE 2 B'S
AMAZING!!!!! she is such a good professor, makes me want to take more classes with her.
One of the best at this College.
Mama Linda!!!!
I would not be making it through accounting if i didn't have her as my professor. She has all her notes typed up on her website for you, organized and easy to understand.The homework, is really easy...online and you get 5 tries to get it right!!!!!! I had two other Acct I professor, she is the BEST!!!!!!!!
GREAT TEACHER!!! TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN!!!
WONDERFUL WONDERFUL WONDERFUL!!!!
Best class I have ever taken One of the best professors ever
great professor. you will not be disapointed with him. TAKE HIS CLASS!!!!!!!!
AWESOME TEACHER!!!!!!!Easy class, awesome discussions. Learn a lot, without even knowing it or studying. No tests, only papers.
TAKE HIM!!!! HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!1
Best prof. at state!!! take him, highly recommended!!!!
great class, interesting, hillarious, awesome!!!! Tests easy, essays easier!!!
Shold be professor of the year!!!!
Awesome teacher, very helpful. Great American West trip!!!!
GREAT TEACHER!!!!!!
Awsome Teacher!!!
GREAT professor, one of the best.
She is a great teacher. she does care, but you have to care too. 2 easy papers, 3 simple quizes, nothing is comprehensive. Everything is straight forward. much of the class is common sense. easy and interesting class!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best Class EVER!!!!!!!!!!! She rocks!!!!!!!!!!TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! THIS PTL COULD REALLY TEACH SOME OF THE PROFESSORS A THING OR TWO ABOUT TEACHING!!! Way To Go Dr.T!!!!!!!
She is the most wonderful, smart, caring professor you will ever encounter.... her class is ****en awesome!!!!!!Take THIS class.... I swear... YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF!!!!!!!!!!11
This class is so amazing! You just have to take it! She is the coolest professor. Too bad she doesnt teach more Classes!!!!!!!!!!!!!
she's awesome!!!!!!!
She is one of the best professor I've had at RU.
BEST ASIAN TEACHER EVER!!!
He is the best professer I have ever had in my hole student life. He explains the material clearer than a glass. He is always positive and enjoys what he does. Sign up for his class now! He is the coolest guy ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best teachers I've ever had!
Mr. Dersh is the best!!!
Best teacher I have ever had.
Awesomw, one of the best profs at UNCC
Best professor i have had here, always has time for students, TAKE HER!!!!!!!!!!
BEST TEACHER EVER !!!
Prof. Hunt is the BEST!!!!!..and sexy.;)
GREAT TEACHER!!!!!!
Intelligent. The guy to learn from. See .com!!!!
He is a great professor.
Class rocks!!!
Great teacher!!!! Loved his class!!!!!! Everybody should take this guy!!! He is a funny guy!!!! Very passionate about the subject he teaches!!!!
One of the best teachers at UNC-Charlotte
Great Class!!!
I absolutely loved Professor Doonan and was very sad that Corona virus cut our class time short. Amazing lectures that I never got bored in, and the funniest professor at Sac City. Super unique sense of humor and he made you want to do well. Wish I had taken him sooner, got my money's worth!! Love this professor!
Dr. Doonan says everything in lectures that are going to be on the exams, so make sure that if you missed a definition do ask him! I didn't need any books, and passed with an A+. DO NOT BE LATE! you'll miss the quizzes and he will lock the door! If he sees you're interested, he will help you. I failed the first exam and still managed to get an A.
Some teachers are kind of funny, but this guy could be a working comic. The lessons are his premises, and then he drops punchlines... So to get the joke you actually have to (and want to) listen to everything. Not a pushover, I really respect him and love coming to class. I've learned a lot.
Doonan is awesome. HILARIOUS lectures. All the quizzes and tests are based on his lectures and films you watch in class. ATTENDANCE and PARTICIPATION is a must.
This was my favorite class all semester. He entertains you with real life. Wish I could take it again! But beware, you WILL need to participate to get an A. And I don't mean sometimes talking. Go in there daily ready to contribute!!
Awesome teacher....completely engaging even in a 3-hour Saturday class! If you go to every class, take good notes and review them regularly then the tests are a breeze. Also, participation is part of the grade, so it's not for the terminally shy. The only downside was the amount of texting going on by the students...so disrespectful and annoying!
Tests are hard but class is fun.
Passionate about Archeology and it shows. Very interesting, funny, and an all around nice guy. If I had any more Anthro classes to take, I'd take them from him. I enjoyed his class very much and would recommend taking him.
He rocks, I don't think I put any effort into the class, but I got a surprise B...which was unfortunate! On the other hand probably the nicest guy in the world...easy class! no book!
LOVE THIS MAN. So cute and helpful and happy all the time! Loved this class!
Awesome teacher!
have to do a little readin and type few small papers but over all easy class and interesting topics and lect, rise is cool, funny, and makes things easy to understand, def recommend
Great professor. Alot of fun, very sarcastic, tries to make class clear, and will actually listen to what the students have to say.
he is such a nice guy the test can be tough though
Excellent professor. Really knows the material and explains it well.
Class of 75, but he got to know most of us. Loves class discussion. Hard tests
Wonderful Prof, I would imagine Bio isnt the easiest subject to teach, but Rodell makes it interesting and fun. Very helpful and learns your name by the second week of school
It is a cool class. Projects are fun and challenging. Tests are hard, very specific answers required for some questions. Very tricky T/F questions on the test, will switch one word in a true statement to make it false. Very helpful in office hours.
Excellent professor.
He's very clear in lecture. Subject is interesting.
I took his Geo 354 class online and it was great. Its really nice for someone who works full time as the schedule is very flexible, 8 different quizzes that you have the entire semester to complete and a few papers/exercises. It is A LOT of material; he does a great job of making it interesting. Plus hes pretty handsome if you like older men! ;)
teaching style is relaxed, very knowledgeable in his subject, lots of reading assignments, no tests, a few small assignments and 2 big projects at end of semester, if you dont know what qualitative methods are going into the class you will by the time you leave, highly recommend if you want to steer away from quantitative
This guy has a talent for making simple concepts difficult. 2 long term papers. Endless useless written tutorial projects. Rushed all essay tests. All for a 100 level class. He's a pontificating fool who loves to hear himself talk. He should go back to useless and biased research or torturing PGs. Avoid at all costs.
Great professor. People are slightly tough on him but he genuinely cares about you and your success as a student.
There is a reason this is the most popular course on campus. The lessons you learn from John transcend football, they will help you succeed in life.
This class is very easy if youre good with computers. If not it still isnt bad, monk does a good job explaining the material in class. Labs can take a long time but the grading is fair.
Lots of work, but easy class, notes easy to follow, tests fair, nice prof.
Hes awesome. One of my favorite professors/classes of all time. I took this as an elective and loved it. Theres little to no homework. The "big" project is a joke because he essentially does it in class for you. Take great notes and your a lock for an A/B easy. Grades are curved up to about an 80 (if needed). I highly recommend. Helpful!
Good profesor only if you take during winter session or in a small class. VERY bad and hard in a lecutre type atmosphere. Provides extra credit on exams. Study and and do hw and you will be fine
Great Professor, best history professor at UD. Solid lectures and he's a very caring guy. Only assignments were two exams, a final, and a paper. Every exam was open note.
I took Dr. Russ's colloquium on the Delaware Court of Chancery and Delaware Incorporation. Though I did not expect it going into the class, the lectures were very interesting and easy to follow. The grading consisted of three 5-page research papers, all given with ample time to complete. I would take this class if given the chance!
I took this as my Honors Colloquim, and the class was based around Delawares Judicial System. I was not excited for the class. But when I tell you that this man is wonderful, he really is. Hes nice, he is encouraging and cheerful, and so knowledgeable. There were no tests and only 3 papers with topics and you could choose what to write about.
Russ is probably my favorite teacher in this entire school; his lectures are interesting, his knowledge of Delaware is unmatched, his humor is awesome, his enthusiasm is great, and if you show up and pay attention, the class should not be hard. Would love to take all my classes with him.
Professor Russ is awesome! He made the History of Delaware interesting (and that's saying something). He speaks clearly and slowly, so it's easy to take notes. His tests are straightforward, but definitely take notes from the readings because using info from them will get you an A.
BEST PROFESSOR AT UD! He makes the class extremely interesting. Every UD student should take a course with Russ.
Russ is the man. Coolest teacher at UD and is a genius. Notes are straightforward in lecture format so be sure to take good notes. Discussions are also mandatory since attendance there is 10% of your grade. Pay attention and do a decent amount of studying and you can expect around a B+.
Fantastic professor. History is my worst subject by far, but Russ told everything like a story, which helped my understanding immensely more than just throwing a bunch of facts at me. TAKE HIM IF YOU GET A CHANCE. He loves what he does and you can easily tell.
Great guy. Very clear, has a good sense of humor and keeps you awake. Stays after class and offers office hours, even though you won't need it. His notes are perfect. Only thing he expects of you, is to write on the exams what he told you in the notes.The way all teachers should be, take him.
Wow, what an awesome prof. def my fav prof here so far-changed my attidude of thinking and i enjoyed going to his class.
class is soooo easy, and interesting, dont even have to do the reading for class
AWESOME TEACHER! A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
so sweet and helpful...very clear, tests are not super easy, but very fair
Everyone should take him...great professor, easy class
I love Najar! he's my favorite teacher this year. Incredibly clear and willing to go over anything you might not have caught, and very interested in his students.
Great prof! Great class!
Don t try to hard just do what u are asked to. Not much work for this class. The A is pretty accessible.
Fantastic professor. Tough class as MacroEcon isn't exactly easy- tough concepts. But Professor Martin does a great job explaining, shows enthusiasm for concepts, tries to connect with students, is always available to help, and provides tons of resources for understanding. Again, it's hard, but if you fail, it's likely not Prof. Martin's fault.
If you haven't heard already, you live under a rock...Sestak is AMAZING. So easy and so fun. He makes every student feel as if they're his best friend. LOVE THIS MAN.
Amazing. Awesome. Helpful. Cares about his students. Puts the other lodging module professors to shame (espec. BLM) ATTEND CLASS. timely response to emails, understandable explanations. Take good notes, study notes using study guide and you're golden. Makes waking up for a 9:30am on no sleep easy. Promised donuts one week, brought them the next.
Best teacher here! He loves his students and makes class so fun! You'll love him
Sestek is great the man is funny and he knows how to keep the class interesting
I fell in love with Alvarez in genres, and decided to take him again for world lit. He chooses great literature to assign, and makes sure his students understand the context of what they're reading. He's clear in his instructions for assigned papers, and gives very thorough feedback. With a positive attitude, there's no excuse to not get an A.
Good prof. He grades papers pretty average. I'm a very experienced writer and got A-'s on most. Lots of class discussion, make sure to at least glance at the assigned readings for a particular day. Everything in the course is clear; it's pretty straightforward. He's very amicable and constantly encourages students to attend his office hours.
What I learned in his class helped me in the "real world" at my job
No one should miss this prof. Class is fun no matter the material. AWESOME PROF!
Makes the class interesting and is really friendly; doesn't give too much work
Very passionate about what she teaches, gives you the answers to the tests before taking them. Fun class.
Wonderful teacher. One would love to have her. She cares about her students and gives extra credit. I have her for two classes and she takes passion in her teachings. Attendance is important and so is being on time. She takes roll everyday. Very clear and the books and short stories she teaches are wonderful.
Awesome Professor. I had her for 2 courses this quarter and loved both of them. She cares so much about what she is teaching. CATHER RULES! lol She brought snacks for us to eat and it's just a really fun class every day.
Margaret is so wonderful! I think that she is so interested in her students! She is hilarious and very passionate about teaching! It definitely is inspiring!
This teacher is superb I would recommend her for any class.
I love Margaret. She's the first teacher in my life who ever made me feel poetry...to feel it to my bones and blood. It was a gift that I will never be able to re-pay, and regarding a previous poster, I am a man, and I got a very firm A in her class.
When I was in undergrad with Dr. Z, I worked to take each and every class she taught. Experienced and takes an interest in teaching you things if you showed the interest. Office hours were great with her and I left with a great grasp of the material. Don't get me wrong, you work for that A, but you will be well prepared after her class.
I really liked this class. I hope to take more of her classes in the future. Her lectures were similar to the book but different enough that you learned that extra info you can really use. Her tests were difficult but fair and she was an interesting person as well.
Very nice, and will help if asked. She knows CJ very well.
helpful, good teacher, nice. easy A if u do the work. got a B without doing anything. you learn the stuff.
Good professor, clear, very helpful, sometimes makes jokes, helps his students to understand
Great teacher. Grades well. Little anal about small algebraic mistakes (ie minus signs...etc). Otherwise, great...definitely take him.
Gets a bad rep, but saved my ass. Gave me lots of extra help & encourgagement. I had to work for my grade, but it was worth it.
Very sweet man...brings cookies EVERY class and always lets you out early. Class is kinda boring, but he interjects with his random stories which keeps it interesting. Easy A
Great professor! He was an amazing lecturer and really loves plants! I had him and Emerson, and he was by far my favorite. He assigned readings each week, I never read the entire thing, but the textbook is useful. Only thing is he does grade quite hard. Midterms are tough and you really need to understand all the information to do good.
An engaging professor - tries to make lectures fun even if the topic is kinda dry. The class has 3 midterms & the lowest score is dropped - they're kind of tricky. Tests are based on lecture notes, which is nice bc you dont need to buy the textbook. Overall, an easy class if you put in effort, since no HW, and one of my fav profs on campus. :)
Friendly prof with interesting lectures and tries to make students laugh/ engaged in subject. He posts notes, podcasts, and slides online which is very helpful! 3 midterms and a final with the lowest midterm dropped. This is very helpful and forgiving, so make sure to do your best and get the best score you can!
His bio seminar is amazing! all you have to do is attend all the field trips and you get the Pass. The field trips were also interesting and he makes sure that we're having fun. His seminar is to give you insight to nature around orange county and interacting with a professor. Take his bio seminar if you can!
He's really evenhanded with the Evolution/Creation and allows for alternative views-- not favoring one over the other; something that's really unusual in Biology professors. He's also really interested in his material, and that genuine interest is really infectious. I'd recommend him anyway!
He's so funny! Lectures are really enjoyable and he's pretty clear about what he wants you to know so exams are fair. His clicker questions are long though, so be sure to be able to read well and fast!
very funny. Great professor
Crazy good professor.
Very helpful, nice & funny
Dr. Mullen is an absolute peach. He really knows his stuff, and I love going to class. People don't like his tests because they're tough. Exams for him are using the knowledge and knowing how to apply it. Without understanding of application, his classes will be tough for you. But most importantly, his jokes are hilarious.
This class can be pretty dry for a lot of people, but terry makes it 100 times more interesting than anyone else. His handwriting is god awful, but so are the other Econ teachers. He admits it, can make a good joke out of it, and still presents his material in a clear, concise manner. I would literally die for this man.
I loved having him as a professor! I had him for longer Econ 101 lectures for 1.5 hours twice a week and he would usually try to lighten up class with fun stories and jokes to makes class go by quicker. He also held review sessions, and the online practice exams were similar to what the actual exams. I would take his class again!
Just a few homework assignments and 3 tests that make up all of your grade. It's important to attend class in his higher level classes as he won't post the notes online. A very good professor that cares about his students and is easy to relate to. Among the top tier of Econ professors at ISU
Funny! Great professor, want's his students to understand before he moves to a new topic. Lot's of notes, but study those and you can get an A or B. Don't buy the book, it will be a wast of money!
Very helpful. Definitely prepares you for Econ 102. Good examples on the board. The tests are essay, but they are big topics that should easily be answered. The two midterms are relatively difficult, the final is easy and he gives lots of extra credit on it. Great professor
Professor Gaffney is the best Calculus 3 teacher at Northeastern University. Many students complain about the difficulty of the class, but the real underlying issue is the complaining students' lack of work ethic (and if he/she works really hard and still does not comprehend the material, then he/she is in the wrong class/major).
Very impassioned professor. I never find myself holding my eyes open in class. Reasonable about students having extenuating circumstances and willing to work with you. Very well read - knows his subject inside out.
Greenberg was a great teacher for 352. He gave us all of the notes beforehand and gave us 2 books that he wrote and published. His tests were fair, based on the homework. Class was only Monday till Thursday for 2 hours a day! I am taking him again for MEEG467 this winer.
Greenberg's the man. Def take him if you can, gives review sessions before the exam, tests are mostly straightforward. Relies mostly on exams for grade.
Dr. Husband is serious about History. I have seen him ask students to leave who were disrupting class. He doesn't let bad manners slide, but I cannot imagine him a) yelling at anyone or b) calling someone on the carpet without reason.
Micro is a boring subject if you don't make an effort to be interested in it. Rubin is very concise and clear, and half the questions from his practice exams appear on the real tests, almost verbatim. [ONE WORD OF ADVICE], Read the Chapter on the lecture, the day BEFORE class, and his lectures will make so much more sense. Also, no recitation.
Amazing professor. Straight forward, easy to understand. Exams were fair, do yourself a favor and do the study guide because questions on the exam are in there. Do aplia and in class quizzes. they are good grade boosters!
Interesting lectures. overall nice guy. highly recommended
I had a strong interest in this subject matter, so I found the class interesting. Alot of reading, but exams are straight-forward and he's very helpful. You do have to write a paper but he offers examples of papers and plenty of help.
Suda is an awesome teacher, he's really passionate about theater and he's pretty funny too. Classes are usually short and he gives extra credit. He lectures a little fast but it's not too hard to keep up. The only time you use the textbook is for exams, because he does take test questions over the book on things he didn't lecture about.
I found this class to be very easy. He always lets us out of class early and is quite helpful when you have a problem with something. The tests are the same every semester, if you know someone who already took it, get their old tests.
So cool in rock and roll that I took him again next semester for cities and society. He's got a great sense of humor and knowledge of music and his subjects. I think it's great that a year after his classes, he still remembers me by nickname and keeps up with how I'm doing.
The best professor on campus! I learned more about how to think in one week than my friends did in one semester in their Orgo classes. I always aced my friend's orgo exams while they rarely could start mine. Take him if you want a quality education; take another prof if you only want a grade.
Dr. Trants Classes are difficult. I took an online class and in class course. I found the in class course harder but if too take notes and study, you can make an A. His lectures are interesting. Be prepared to be called on in class and called out if you miss class or show up late.
Very cool, very funny, very hip guy. Lectures are interesting, funny, and informative. I DEFINITELY recommend him.
He has a great way of teaching that keeps you interested in what is being taught.
I have taken every single class that he has taught. I absolutely love him as a professor. I was also blessed to have him as my advisor. A very good man who is extremely educated. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Dr.Chapman taught the advanced research course offered at UNT and he was amazing. 3 TA's also led the research project. Dr.Chapman is extremely intelligent and I can imagine his actual lectures may be difficult. Overall, he's a nice person and I would recommend taking the research course if offered.
Professor Chapman is by far my favorite biology professor at UNT. This class was very interesting and the book isnt necessary. He gives a quiz before every test. It wont be counted against you, can only help. Any points you get on the quiz will be added to your test. The tests are not super hard but you do have to study and put in some work.
I was really dreading taking this class from everything I had heard, but Dr. Liu made it easy to understand. I usually use PatrickJMT or other resources to teach myself but the lecture notes were enough for the class. His exam reviews are also very specific and you should know pretty much exactly what to expect on exams.
He really knows how to teach. Yeah, he is from Cornel U. He is gentle and polite.
Great teacher overall. Explains material clearly and tells you what you need to know. Doesn't trick you on tests, uses simple situations on exams. Recommended
Great instructor, very helpful and HIGHLY knowledgeable. He really tries to understand when questions are asked and will explain until you are satisfied. Highly recommended!! Took the class with Schulle and failed miserably, but got an A this time!
Although this class is pretty hard, Dr. Gray makes every effor to help his students. He pretty much gives you an A for 15% of your grade with his quizzes and homeworks. He gives 5 points on your final grade for missing less than 2 classes and 1 point for missing only 2. He will tweak your final average to help you out if you put forth any effort
Great speaker and lessons are very clear. When you take his tests, make sure you know facts as well as concepts.
Before I took this class, I heard that there is a major term paper. However, the research techniques and practical writing knowledge gained in his class is valuable if youre planning on going beyond just undergrad. This is the class where you learn to write real college papers that will get you into and through grad school.
Dr. Hahn is a brilliant professor. He seems to try and scare away half the class before he gets friendly though! Learned a ton in his class. Only problem; I wish he'd let the class choose their own paper topic..
Mr. Ellis is awesome!
Good prof and relatively easy. Just put in some effort and you'll get a good grade. You'll need your textbook because the weekly quizzes reflect the chapters. Delgado was amazing with improving the class's understanding by using real-world examples. Tests weren't very difficult, mainly reflected lectures and textbook reading. Just pay attention
The first day I went, I thought it was going to be horrible and I almost dropped but i didn't.If you go to class everyday you can get an easy A! She reminds me of Mary Kay and she talks too much. It would be good for her to like take a break and just let people do their work. She gives so much work but its an easy class. BORING
My favorite Professor of all time! Hands down. I've taken multiple classes with her intentionally. She has a great passion for the subject, and is constantly bringing in new materials as they enter the field. Her teaching style is meant to be interactive, so if you want an easy sleep through class, probably not the one. TOTALLY worth taking.
I loved her, and her class! she made it interesting
This was a really intereting class. Young knows his stuff, and wants to help everyone learn. Very nice guy, too! I plan on taking psycholgy from him, as well.
Pavitt is a brilliant, brilliant man who's very sweet once you see through the occasionally brusque facade. He's detached, but one can tell how much he cares about his discipline from the wide range of topics and authors he selects from, which are usually pretty cool.
He was very passionate about what he teaches and knows how to keep it interesting. He focused more on the important concepts of history and not specifics which really made the class a lot more enjoyable
Every class she writes the terms you need to know on the board and repeats important information. No text book, 3 books that you need to read in depth because the exams have a section devoted to the book and the essay questions tie into the book as well. Overall a really nice person with entertaining lectures, would take a course by her again!
If you miss classes, you won't do well. But honestly, with this professor why would you ever want to miss a class? Easily the most dynamic and engaging professor I've had, the absolute opposite of uptight. Only real homework is reading the assigned books in preparation for the quizzes. Tests are straight from lectures and readings. Overall 11/10
Professor Willet has a great sense of humor and gets directly to the point in her lectures, which is to your advantage! the tests arent difficult and are directly from her lectures. She doesnt require a textbook, only 3 cheap books! She is a funny, caring, understanding teacher, 10/10
Great class, lots of fun, very interesting!
LOVED HER! The lectures were pretty long but vey interesting and engaging. She makes you think and truly cares about what she is teaching about. Although I hate reading, you do have to read a lot in order to pass tests or at least skim read or read sparknotes. The TA is a hard grader but if you read and paid attention in lecture, it's fine.
Dr. Bowler has a great way to lecture and even though a lot of people might not like to just listen and take notes on the lecture, its a History class. There's not really much else of a way for it to be taught. The only aspect that I did not like was that even though attendence was mandatory the grades were vey dependent on readings. Just do them.
i had him for history 103, great teacher, enthusiastic about his subject and loves it when people ask questions or answers his. im not a big history guy but he really made the topic interesting!! i would take him again if i could! four essays and attendence are your only grades, but hes not a hard grader, class was fun and he made it easy enough.
Took over the winter term, easy class. 3 books, 1 you don't need to read, papers on the other two (5 pages?) Half the class was note taking (outline is on the board), short break, then videos for the rest of the class. 2 exams, 2 essays for each not difficult (I hate essays). Barely read the books, wrote the papers in a couple of hours and got B's.
Bowler is great. I wish all my teachers were like him.
An excellent teacher. I took him for both 101 and 102. Good lecturer and makes the materials interesting. Exams are essay questions but very doable.
Sheis an amazing professor- I am NEVER bored in class and she is so helpful if you go see her in office hours. She grades fairly- but she deinitely isn't an easy A. I recommend her to everyone!
Great professor! Very knowledgeable, thought-provoking and interesting!
Professor Brusard. Where to start.. Loved class because he knows how to teach. He presents everything in a clear manner, and is ALWAYS around for extra help. Calc was an easy A, because he knows what he is talking about. Plus his suits and comb over just make class even better. : )
Great Guy. Go to him during his office hours and he'll try to help you out. He definitely helped me out a lot! His tests are kinda hard, I failed two and barely passed the other one.I took the option of the final paper over the exam and that helped me out in the end. Go and see him-he's very helpfu
excellent, wonderful. take her.
He teaches part-time at PittCC & I had the pleasure of taking him for PHIL 240 this semester. I have never met a more humble & kind human being than Mr. Handron. His lectures were truly fascinating that I never thought about skipping his class. Please take his class & you will be surprised as to how much you will learn!
THE BEST TEACHER @ ECU! I took him for intro psych and was so excited that he was teaching sexual behavior. He only teaches in the spring now but def. take him if you can. He gives vivid examples that help you learn and he constantly makes you laugh. He offers pts to your FINAL GRADE for perfect attendance! You learn all kinds of stuff about sex :
Amazing man, intelligent, empathetic, helpful, interesting. He made a tough academic year a lot easier just by going to his class, and restored my faith in ECU. I am now pursuing a Psych minor because of him. I'm not sure if he is still teaching, if he is do Not miss a chance to take ANY class with him!
Dr. H was an incredible asset when decided if I wanted to continue in the field of psychology. I would reccomend him in heartbeat. I found his lectures to be both informative and interesting. You can't replace life experience. You get what you put into his class. As much as you are willing to learn he is willing to teach. HE WAS AMAZING!
Handron is awesome, great class, great teacher, a really all around great time into this class :)
Great professor. I was fortunate enough to have him stand in for my absent professor and he was terrific. He tells great stories from his career as a psychologist. Class attendance was constantly 90% or more, which shows the quality of the class.
The best..makes class interesting with example from his past work experiences..Take this class
had dr. handron for intro psych and thought he was just great. I highly recommend him, very interesting and entertaining. However, this man is pushing 75 years old, so neglect the "hotness" factor.
Easy A if you show up for class. Plus you learn lots. Good teacher to have.
Great class. Although it is easy it is also very entertaining and interesting. Highly recommended.
Changed the tests, but they work for a study guide
i've learned tons from him. very down to earth, very easy to approach, and really helpful when you talk to him. i've heard he's a difficult grader, but i haven't had any issues with it yet... going to class every day and asking questions helps out a lot
If Jackie Chan were to teach history it would probably be something like his class. Very enthusiastic and knowledgable.
Professor Judkins is an interesting professor. He's insanely knowledgable in the field of Native American culture and it's quite impressive. Mid-term was take-home and therefore rather easy. Class is very discussion oriented due to the small size (14 students) but this promotes a positive atmosphere.
I don't understand the ratings she's gotten. I'm currently in grad school and taking algebra and I wish every day that she was teaching my algebra course! Great teacher, makes everything understandable. I'd have preferred for the course to move a little faster, but she is a new prof and taught HS before.
Does a great job of making Calc understandable. Calc is dry, so I didn't expect the class to be thrilling, but with Esham you learn the matierial if you put forth the effort of showing up to class and doing the homework. The group projects were annoying though.
She is so funny, really sincere too. I enjoy her jokes; she's like a little pug. She's a staunch character! <3
GREAT professor! She cares so much about her students and is extremely helpful with making things as clear as she can. She understands not everyone understands the topic like she does and tries to make it easy. She gives great help in office hours, too.
Amazing lectures. Makes history very interesting. Take notes, study, and get an A. Tests are pretty easy - 3, non-cumulative multiple choice. $10 textbook is great. Gives about 10 mini quizzes at the start of class to check if you did the reading. They are usually easy, and only your best 8 count. I would highly recommend this professor!
This professor didn't require attendance, however, his attitude and passion for teaching made me WANT to go to his class every day. Even though it's not required for my major, I am actually tempted to take another history class just to have him again.
easy B, should sudy at least an hour a week if you want an A
Excellent professor, truly loves what he does
I thought he was great. Very helpful and kind. Can get a little boring, but the info is relevant. Make an effort to study and keep up with assignments and it will be a piece of cake! Going to his office hours are also very beneficial.
Mr. Clark is so cool! He's really funny, makes it very interesting with group discussions and his own interpretations. You don't ever get marked down for having a different viewpoint than him, he encourages your thoughts! Great guy, I'd take him again in a heartbeat, just don't forget to do the readings!
He is pretty good overall. Occasionaly boring but what he goes over in class shows up on the exams. He takes a long time to grade papers and exams. Is approachable and willing to help
Dr. Clark is kind and he loves teaching and has a cute sense of humor too which keeps it light. I enjoyed his class and would take him again in a heartbeat.
What a nice man! He really knows his subject area, and cares if the students learn the material. A true "gentleman!"
He is extremely helpful with any problem and very easy to talk to. His expressions are really cute! Class is extremely boring.
Mrs wolff is awesome I loved her class.
nice, helpful, great professor
Dr Gurung is a really cool cat. He really cares and gets to know his students by name.
Such a great prof! Really good at explaining things with some humor!
Dr.Gurung is probably the most interesting professor I have ever met. Granted Im a freshman, I doubt any other professor will be able to top his ability of turning a boring subject into something fascinating. I looked forward to this class every day, its crazy aweseome and the things Dr.G came up with were amusing to say the least.
Awesome professor.
AWESOME teacher! Very helpful! Make sure you take good notes, even write down word for word his powerpoints.His tests are multiple choice and some come right from your notes. Do online quizzes, they can help your grade.Do extra research for extra credit.
Currently taking her abnormal course and it is pretty easy she gives two weeks to complete assignments, and she is very lenient with her grading and makes herself accessible to answer any questions and emails would definitely recommend her fully online course
This professor is wonderful, she is very passionate about her job. I took this class online. All her tests are multiple choice. there are about two papers needed. She grades very fairly using a rubric. Every rubric isdifferent but it tells you in detail what is required.
course was hard but he really cared if you learned the material. greeat profess
Great professor and a nice person. She teaches as a lecture. Not much discussion or interaction at all. In teaching a new topic, she starts off easy and works her way up to where we need to be for the test. No HW or quizzes. She gives enough examples to study from. Tests are fair as long as you study and memorize formulas. Had her for PS103 too.
I enjoyed her class because she taught the material well. She does go a little fast though. You don't get to use a notecard on the exams, so you really have to learn the material. I bought my textbook for $24, and I'm glad I didn't spend more money on it - don't buy it! She doesn't refer to it for examples, and her exams don't test you on it.
this my favorite class i've had. sally is sooooo funny. she even gave me extra credit for bringing her a bag of condoms from the health dept.
Lectures are right out of the book, but she makes the information fun. It seems like every topic leads to sex or reproduction. Great & funny lady, takes attendance. Make sure to study for the tests!!
He is an excellent professor. I had him several years ago and he was unbelievable. I also think the guy is psychic. Regardless, he has had a lasting positive impact on my life and I still read his texts
I really enjoy the class, especially for an early morning one! Great teacher and explains things well. Tests are short and to the point!
Management Sci was a hard class but he explained things well.if u apply yourself he'll give u an A. I got a C+ on the mid term and still got an A- in the class.
awesome prof. best i ever had @ GVSU. made class very easy and fun. highly recommended.
yep, it's good
Mitchie is so upbeat and very accessible. My class was a hybrid class so i didn't really have to go in person, but you should. You need to buy the textbook to do the quizzes for homework, but other than that she's pretty clear with what she expects you to do. Pych is a lot to memorize but the book and her notes are really helpful. Highly recommend!
Psych 101 was my hardest class, but professor Odle was my absolute favorite professor! The class is pretty hard, but interesting as hell. All i can say is do the readings(Even though they suck)Plus you only has friday class every other week! I would definitely recommend this class. Odle is awesome and always keeps the interest by telling stories.
Take any PSY class you can with this wonderful woman. Inspired me to make Psychology my minor! Great teacher, the reason I graduated on time. Total babe, and quite a smart cookie too! I took her for a number of Psychology classes, and I would take her again and again and again. I would spend the rest of my life with her!
She is an amazing professor who is lively, exciting, and enthusiastic. She makes Psychology incredibly interesting and is very straightforward in what she is looking for on her tests and what the objectives of the class are. Wonderful professor.
great! she makes the class fun and interresting with all her stories. she gets the whole class laughing and really helps you remember the material. this is the only class i look foreward to going to...
best teacher ever, so interesting.. also reading the book in this class REALLY helps, thats all i did to study and paid attention in class (which is easy cuz she is so intersting) and got an A
She is great, very nice, helpful and funny. She tells great stories which really help you remember the information. She makes a pretty boring and hard class terrible and interesting. She's also an awesome advisor
One of my all-time favorite teachers. An awesome teacher and a really great person... If you need help she'll do all she can. Makes class really interesting with all her stories.
Very good teacher. Likes to take the material and relate to real life stories so it is easier to understand. Very funny, and loves to talk about her kids. Prolly the only reason why I was able to pass psych!
i learned so much from her! i'm glad to hear she still has her following.
OUTSTANDING PROFESSURE!! This is what all teachers should aspire to be. Lectures are interesting and engaging. Tests are tough but fair; you always know what you need to know. Term paper is long but fun and he tells you EXACTLY how he wants the paper written. TAKE ANY CLASS WITH THIS PROF!!
K first off his accent is amaaazing and is what makes him so hot. But, I liked this class. His tests were a little on the harder side, mainly because there is so much material but they aren't too bad. The only thing that's sucky is the webpage you have to create. It's tedious. Labs aren't bad, you get out early. I'd take him again though.
I got a D in this class, but hey...that's only because I never went (too early!). But definitely a welcome sight to my weary eyes ;)
she got, and a good prof
very helpful, very knowledgeable. i loved speech going in, and i still do. great professor, very friendly! no rushing in her class at all. very laid back, only 3 absenses allowed. ENJOY!
Great professor, must be willing to work and think...
easiest class. she's a fantastic teacher. loves anthropology. teaches right from the book. occasional test/quiz questions from in class movies, but u can get the jist of them by asking her in class, or viewing the film on your own time. highly recommended professor:-)
She loves anthropology and knows her stuff! What's better is she knows she's human, and that helps a lot. She never talks down to anyone even if they are completely lost. There is a lot here to learn... read the books from the get-go & ASK QUESTIONS! Can't guarantee an easy A, but she's awesome!
she is hysterical...great teacher, makes theories fun! gives exam ques ahead
This class was SO interresting, she makes it alot of fun, tests are pretty easy.
Fantasic prof. Funny, intelligent, nice. Read book, go to LECTURE. it's a breeze
amazing prof! honors is fun and interesting.
Really cool guy, great sense of humor! He opens your eyes to things you never even thought about, trust me! U read a couple of books, but they are easy, interesting reads. Tests are mostly from lecture notes. You won't be bored. I came in this class with no interest and left with new beliefs about life and evolution. Great guy, great course!
excellant prof, interesting class, very helpful
He is really patient with all students. He doesn't gives aways extra credit, but he curves the exam grades by a lot. my first exam was a 10 points curve, then 8 points for the second time. there were no curve for the last exam, but he let us fix the mistakes and gives half credit back which turned my grade from 71 to 86. Not hard to get at least B.
Excellent professor. I didn't think I could love marching band and symphonic band so much!
Easy-going, fun, and well he has just made college band a great experience. If anyone reading this is considering getting into marching band at TCU I say do it! But if you want to work 20 hours a week or keep a 4.0 GPA think twice. 6 hours a week practice not including sectionals. Ouch!
Awesome guy! Knows how to have fun but still get work done. Easy to talk to and makes all the extra work worth it.
Youngblood is a very good band director, and made marching band more fun for me than it ever was in high school. Any professor that enjoys what he/she does as much as Youngblood is going to be a good teacher.
She is great! Is loud but she has to be to be heard. Pay attention and she will help you. She will also help you how to be an A student, just ask her.
Full of energy. Great help to her students.
Right off the bat Mr.Gomez has a no "funny business" approach to how he conducts his students, given that (at the time of taking his class) he's 80 years old. If you're accountable to making it to class on time, diligent on your notes, and not using your phone/yawning, class will pass like a breeze. Graded-classwork every day so don't miss class.
Show up to class to do the in class asignments. Study those for exams.
This professor is absolutely fantastic. He goes step by step through every single problem so it's impossible to get lost, and even if you do get lost, he will stop and explain how he got what he did. He does sometimes misunderstand what question is being asked of him, but once you're on the same page, he helps you understand. Would take again
Overall a good teacher but you won't pass if you don't put the work in. We had a daily lecture then homework every night but you have till sunday to submit it . He provides an outline for every lecture & all notes that you take can be used for every test (including the final). He responds fast to emails& your final grade replaces your lowest test
Excellent professor! Homework is due before the test, and the exams are just like reviews.
Hes very clear from the start about what he expects from the students. Theres a total of 5 exams including the final. Great professor!
Took Algebra and rocked it...was worried though. Same comment as others, show up, listen, do homework, get an A.
Made an A for the semester! Very easy teacher, he repeats everything about 5 times. Will stay after class to help you. Gives you guides to go by, awesome teacher.
She comes off real strong & seems mean, but she's just old school. She doesn't like rudeness (who does) or being late. She Explains the material very well, no makeup work. All you have to show up, study, turn in assignments on time & you'll pass.
Enjoyed this professor class. Extremely knowledgeable about content. Make class interesting and fun. Highly recommend her.
Good instructor. Very interesting and easy to follow. Read your book and take good notes. Your grades reflects your participation, attendance and test.
This class is interesting. We interacted with the professor and classmates. I was overwhelmed with her knowledge and professionalism. She made the class fun and interesting. Everything on the test was covered in class. We talked about news worthy events which helped me to stay abreast and connect to sociolgy term.
Professor Lacky is great. You must come to class and turn in your work on time. She will not accept late work. She also don't like for you to come to class late. She really gets upset. I like her teaching style. She gives examples and assist when needed.
She has me motivated and I'm glad she is my English Prof. For most of the class, I don't think they belong in college just yet.
Professor Boyer was a great professor and I LOVED World Regions, extremely interesting. It's an online class where Boyer assigns videos each week that you have to watch and take a quiz on. My recommendation is to just do all of the work you possibly can, including movies. I was done class probably 3 weeks before finals, and others ended earlier.
Professor Boyer's lectures were very entertaining to watch. Honestly the most I've ever learned in a history/geography based class. I finished the class well before break, but IT TOOK ALOT! Do all the assignments instead of skipping over him (the foreign films are my favorite way to get credit)
This course is all online and you will recieve a weekly video lecture series to watch and take a quiz on. Make sure to do all the video lectures, book quizzes, and some of the international movie quizzes to get an A. Prof. Boyer is so energetic and passionate about his work which makes this class so awesome. I learned some really cool things! 12/10
Fun professor, that you can learn a lot from. makes things entertaining even through long videos .
I never write reviews about my professors, but Dr. Boyer is an absolute gem! He has so much knowledge and keeps his lectures so interesting that you actually want the lectures to be longer so you can learn more from this person. I would absolutely recommend taking this class because you will learn so much about the world around you.
Take this class with a group of friends and work on it together. The workload is very heavy on a weekly basis and can be overwhelming, but it's doable. Do ever assignment given until you get that A and if you keep up you should be finished with the class weeks before finals.
Bestest teacher eva' . He will make you want to overthrow the government and declare martial law. After I attended his class, I got urges.
I worked with Boyer in World Regions and in a Study Abroad summer session in Canada. He's awesome, without a doubt. He needs his own show and much more. Viva la BOYER!
Boyer has been my most influential teacher in college. It is clear that he really wants his students to learn, and will do anything necessary to inspire and motivate his students.
Despite the immense class size, Boyer's dynamic personality makes it not only easy to pay attention and attend, but enjoyable. The grade system is structured so that this class is easy to succeed in, and will not stress you. This class is incredibly relevant to daily life, and will genuinely make you more aware of your world. Highly recommended.
Hands down the best professor at Tech. He's intelligent and hilarious! Boyer seems to know everything and gives pretty accurate predictions about future world events. Even his textbook is funny and NOT BORING(buy it because you need it for those long online quizzes)! If you graduate before taking any class w/him, you aren't winning.
great professor, got me interested in geography
by far my favorite of all 4 years in the english department. made me change my views about literature and life. awesome guy who challenges you as a reader and as a person. take this class if you're a "true reader." i never wanted it to end.
Professor Spaulding's class is very enjoyable--he is always open-minded, fair and keeps his students interested in the material.
awesome prof., very respectful of students and their opinions, very helpful and knowledgable, class discussions are great
Professor Clouser is awesome. She's a sweet woman and class is always fun. I love her choice in music; she always picks great pieces. I plan on taking this class every semester until I graduate!
I love Nicole! She makes everything fun and happy! She's the best!
Outstanding Professor. Very clear, knows his subject and more importantly knows how to teach his subject.
Execellent professor! Teaches the material greatly, and will help you out to understand it!
I dont have him for computer science but i do have him for Operating Systems 1, and that is the easiest class i've ever taken in my life, so yea good teacher though and quite helpful.
I don't think he's got, as I'm a man :)
He is def. one of my fav. teachers at Tri-C. I have no idea what the people below are ever talking about. I thought it was an easy "A". English is about writting papers and grammer...if you can't do that then you wouldn't like to take his class..
Awesome teacher, makes class fun!!
Funniest, most synical man you will ever meet. Has a crass comment for everything in class, but he goes through the book and tells you what is important, but I would read it all, just in case. I do not think we were ever there for more than 40 minutes.
very easy. knows how to teach. tells you everything you need to know. doesn't bore you with blah acct. class gets out early every time. really funny. easy A. you can't go wrong with fanning.
Good teacher, mumbles at times, but easy
Dale Simms is the man! Good professor, and the elephant story is just hillarious!
He's very knowledgeable about Philosophy and the Plato Republic book. There aren't very many tests or assignments. He gives good lectures, and gives us good notes, telling us which questions will be on the exam. Very friendly too. He suggests reading the book, but you can do well by just taking notes from the lectures. 10/10 would recommend.
Philosophy without the bull****. He gives you a great overview of the material, then shows you a better standpoint. It sounds simple, but most profs only give recycled, philosophical dung.
Fortunately, every exam and quiz is open note, but that doesn't mean they aren't hard. Make sure you do lots of practice with the problem and have organized notes and you should be fine! Great professor!
Not the most entertaining professor but she makes it so all you have to do is understand the concepts and examples in class, and then be able to replicate the procedures during exams. This is especially easy because you are allowed to bring notes to these exams. Overall, straightforward class, solid professor. But you may nap occasionally.
Other than office hours, he's great. Fun and Interesting prof. Easy too.
The class is tough as nails and you should be studying early and often if you expect to get an A. He's a very knowledgeable professor but the exams cover SOOO much material that it makes studying difficult. My suggestion: take the time to get 100% on each and every HW and use flash cards to memorize the vocab word-for-word. Attendance is a must!
A Very good instructor. Dr. Kartman's proformance is outstanding. you will learn how to learn in that class. I highly encourage all econ major students to take any of Dr. Kartman's classes. U will learn...Good luck...
Wonderful class. Will give you an experience you never forget. Jesus is a very caring professor and one that is really there to help you. A man with a heart of gold. Anyone who do not take this professor will live there life not knowing the truth.
A must for a graduation requirement. Jesus is an excellent professor. An eye opening class that makes you think and write about biases you thought you never had. Yes, an easy "A" BUT you have to EARN it, the "A" isn't a given.
Very understanding. He told our class we didn't have to do presentations for our projects since we fell behind. Pushed back tests when he felt we needed more time to study. No study guide but if you take good notes he covers everything that will be on the test in class. Text book is good for clarification. Not too bad of a class.
BEST TEACHER EVER
Nice guy, knows a lot about subject,helpful
Tricky test questions, but over all an easy class.
One the best directors I have ever worked with. He works the choir very hard but is very caring about each individual and knows so much about music.
Experiential Internship class-Steve is the man, by far my favorite and most useful class i've taken at UD. Would certainly reccomend his class!
Prof Pruis was amazing. Had a dry but amusing and funny sense of humor. He truly made me understand calculus. I love how he broke things down so we couldnt understand then and he didnt assume you knew more than you should have. I would highly recommend. I dont think he really teaches anymore though. I wish I could finish my calc sequence with him.
I took his Calc I and II classes. He was extremely helpful, clear, and concise. His dry humor put the icing on the cake. Do not hesitate to register a class with this instructor. In fact, seek him out! He's a hoot!
Amazing teacher, alway willing to help any student. He gives homework quizes which he lets you use your homework. Basically it is a free A for quizes if you show up and complete homework. Test are not extremely hard but still hard. STUDY HARD
If you are able to pick him as your professor I recommend you to do so. He does a great job at explaining the material so you can easily find the answers to his quizzes and worksheets on the lectures. We do have group worksheets but again you can easily find the answers on his lectures.
This teacher is really good. I totally recommend taking his class. His multiple choice is tricky at first, but u get used to it. He doesnt require a textbook, only a workbook that u buy from him for $5. Everything u need to know is in the book. Also, anything you need to turn in, you can have him check it before so that u can get a perfect score.
Excellent professor! Dr Rhysdahl has tons of office hours and is always ready to help.
Go to his office hrs he likes to know his students Before all of his tests he gives study guides but his tests are hard and not all the info on the test comes from the study guide so make sure you use your book for reference 3-4 papers(3pgs min) are assigned analyzing newspaper articles.
He is easily the most intelligent professor on this campus. I'm sorry I waited until my senior year to take a class with him! He'll really make you think about things in a new way. Highly recommended!
Gendron is HOT! Influenced my decision to become a major... the best professor on the AC campus.
Well organized. Knows his stuff. Show up for call on time and hand in homework when it is due. Don't let his classroom personna fool you, he really a nice guy who cares a lot for hthe student.
The course work is demanding but rewarding. It's a weel taught class, but be sure you turn your cell phone off before you enter the classroom. I really liked this professor
Steve is seriously one of a kind, even though it may take him 2 hours to tell one story, he is an amazing artist, and if you actually listen to him alot of times his crazy letures really make you open your eyes about alot of stuff! I will warn you if you procrastinate, dont take him, but its definitely a great experience. I'd take him again.
Despite all the claims, Dr. Bemko is an amazing educator. Although the workload is high, he goes above and beyond to aid students in anyway, so long as you ask for it. His organization of the course is second to none. I recommend anyone to take this course.
Great guy, expects, oh my, college students to work for their grades! If it's a 300 level class and you're in university, read the syllabus, it's not second grade.He'll help you to understand. Ask him anything and he'll tell you, knows so much. Does alot of analogies to help you learn. Learned alot & would take him again.
She is a wonderful professor who gives a real world guide to subject matter. Great discussions and good textbook choices. I really enjoy her classes
Shes a great teacher but she's real big on making you read novels. if they stay the same as they were for me, beware the 2nd one! it sucks! Just make sure you do your work or otherwise you wont do well. but you have group discussions and quizzes, so that helps your grade.
I absolutely adore this woman. she's smart, interesting and so very funny!
I can't say enough about Dr. Jones. There wasn't one day the entire semester when I didn't leave class thinking "Wow!" She never failed to blow my mind... I see the world so differently now because of her. A true inspiration! Hey, and you don't have to go, but believe me, you'll want to! Great Prof!
Currently taking her class now. I think that she has opened my eyes to looking at life in such a different way, especially things going on with our government. She's an excellent professor, and you can tell she really enjoys teaching.
Amazing teacher, I think the most intelligent woman I've ever met! She will work you and work you, and then work you some more, but all is worth it. Definitely take her to see what college should really be like, and she'll get you your money's worth!!
Very intelligent female role model, this coming from a male! She will go out of her way to assist you and offers constructive criticism. I would definitely take another course with her!
No time For Love Dr. Jones! Dr. Jones is an awesome teacher. Take her classes as often as you can. i actually looked forwrd to going to class everyday.
amazing prof; very helpful and patient w/students. loved the class b/c of her.
Handouts are test, very easy. Nice guy, TAKE HIM
So with her you either hate her or you love her. I just so happen to love her unedited, uncensored way of teaching you that let's you now that you are not a kid to be babied. She is passionate about what she teaches. Form a study group and divide the reading you'll manage. There are four papers and for test. It's a very doable class.
Great experience so far.
Love her! Very intersting and classes arent boring. Makes you want to learn more. Homework and exams are easy. Gives extra credit so there is no reason to not recieve an A. Has SI instructors w/ plenty of study sessions.
Shes helpfull,isn't to diffiuclt if you read the text, and wants her students to do well. I think she thinks she's great and may trick students into thinking it to. Gets alittle preachy sometimes, can be obnoxious. Not a bad teacher though, take her if your ready for the Neff.
Dr. Neff is a great instructor, her comments about African American culture may offend but she says the truth, she is smart, funny, and does not like rude students, she will call you out when your late, "Be on Time"
Dr. Neff wants her students to succeed and notices when her students are trying. She says what people don't want to hear and truly believes that we can make the world a better place. Oh, and you learn a LOT!
Very good professor!
Great professor. An open mind is a must, but definitly worth taking!!
She is a really good prof. She posts lecture slides online, gives review sheets to fill out for each chapter, and even offers practice exams before you take the actual exam. Always very energetic and helpful. Her exams aren't too hard and the only assignments are weekly online psychology labs. Take her if you can.
Prof. Jenny is so nice. She has a really great personality and a passion for teaching! take her!!
Her voice is annoying, read the book, study the book...easy but boring
She is so friendly and does a great job.
3 hour class is not bad with her. She makes classtime go fast and usually ends early. Tests aren't difficult, but there are a couple projects that might take a small amount of time, but nothing too challanging. Nice prof overall.
Excellent professor! Very clear lectures, with plenty of notes and other resources on his website to help. He teaches you all the material you need to complete homework and projects on your own, and the tests are very straightforward. Also excellent memes!
A bit scatterbrained but a very good professor and very helpful when you ask. this is my second course with her and i stilll like her!
I love her! She is the coolest, smartest, most wonderful professor in the WHOLE WIDE WORLD. She should run for president.
I love her! She is absolutely wonderful and hilarious! I want to be her!
I couldn't have asked for a better professor for my first film course. The material itself was very confusing but he tried his best to make it easier to understand. His undying need to make fun of the students, himself, and everyone else makes the class fun and entertaining. Take any course he teaches, you will enjoy it and learn a lot.
Most people like Dr. Ross the best at UD, but I found Professor Leitch to be a lot more helpful (no discredit to Dr. Ross of course) He makes the most boring of topics fun with his pure sarcastic sense of humor, and he really raises questions about films most of us have probbly never thought of. Fair grader too. HIGHLY recommended
I love Dr. Norris as a professor so much! He always comes to class with bubbly energy and is very personal and friendly with students. All of the homework is relatively easy if you pay attention to his teaching style and takes usually under 30 minutes to complete. Would 100% take his class again!
Her tests are easy and usually come straight from her notes. She keeps the class interesting, but she is not at all afraid to state her opinion on anything or anyone. Overall, she's great. Love her!
awesome teacher i would have to say the best one one campus! she brings the real world into the classroom and keep everyone up to date with everything and makes it relevant to the class. recommended a lot! always there with a smile and never a dull moment! easy going class but make sure you study your notes b4 a test and you'll do fine!
If you are a slacker or moron, please don't take her as she will eat you alive. However, if you like to learn about Soc or Anthro and have an open mind, she's a wonderful prof. Again though, many students here are mental midgets who could make an A in butt wiping 101. They annoy her, me too!
Great teacher! I never get bored during class. Lectures and discussions are always very interesting. Tests are not very hard...all it takes is a little time and effort. It is fun to hear everyones different views and opinions.
She is a really wonderful professor! Humorous, knowledgeble, kind, considerate, optimistic...You can learn much from her class and herself...
Very easy class with her. Dont need to buy the book no matter how much she persists that you read it. She writes everything down on the board that you need to know for the test. Study your notes and you should get an easy "A". Plus she is entert
best class i've had on campus, i learned more than in any other and her tests were hard enought to earn from but definetely easy enough to get a good grade..if all were like her, i'd want to stay in school
Professor Capodilupo is a king! Pathophysiology is hard course, but his lectures were great. You can tell he is super passionate about the content he teaches.
Overall, great professor. He was so caring, encouraging and enjoyed teaching pathophysiology. The class as a whole is very hard however he made it clear of what we should know. The tests are on resopondus and there are 10 homework assignments, I never used the book but attending class really helped me.
Dr. Capodilupo is the nicest professor I have encountered at GVSU. Pathophys is a very hard class and he makes it 1000% worth it. Exams are lockdown which sucks but his lecture packets are AMAZING at explaining and giving clear direction. Such a gem
Hi. Take Dr. C, you wont regret it. So accessible -inside and outside of class, personal or educational concerns! The class requires time and effort, but he goes out of his way to help students succeed. He gives you everything you need for the exams; so there is no way you can fail-unless you are trying. Module assignments are long, but helpful!
One of my favorite professors ever - he truly loves his subject! One thing though is to really study the note packet, as well as come to class, since he often mentions things not in the note packet.
Dr. Capodilupo is an amazing teacher. The textbook is not needed, only the $20 note packet. Attending lectures is required, as there is a lot to add to the notes he provides. Extremely helpful with questions and very accommodating if you have medical issues to work around (for me, surgery).
A great Prof. He really likes the topic and knows a lot about it and it shows in his teaching. Exams are straight forward, he doesn't try to trick you. Highly recommended.
One of my favorite anatomy teachers ever. His presentations are useful and informative and he keeps you in the loop with his note booklet that you buy for the class. Extremely clear teaching format and will answer your questions.
Dr. Capodillupo is an amazing professor. Anyone who is planning a career in health will benefit greatly from him.
Dr. Capodilupo is so friendly and really loves what he does.He really wants his students to succeed.
I studied very minimally in this class and ended up with an A. She is very clear during lecture about what is going to be on the tests and what is not. My suggestion would be type as she talks in class and make flashcards on the things she deems important. Never opened a book or went to office hours, slides are very straight forward.
Dr. Burg is an amazing professor. She cares so much about your success and will work with you through anything. Her capstone course was a walk in the park and so much fun. Grade is based on a few papers, discussions, and assignments, all extremely doable and fun. I am beyond grateful that I took her for my capstone section & I would recommend it.
She was great! I took this class specfically for her (I had her for Micro 212) She is an all around awesome professors. Gives you opportunity to change you grade, cares if you learn, super accessible, gives good notes, and makes the class interesting!
Going in as a non-science major into a science class can be intimating, but she selects and teachings the material so well. She is very understanding and will also work to help her students succeed. Gives helpful study guides for each exam and will hold study sessions with students, too. Expectations are always clear. amazing prof and class!
She is awesome! The class is tough but she made it so easy to see her outside of class and was very helpful when doing that. She explained things well in general, easy to learning from. She kept on topic and always made sense. Love her!
Dr. Burg offers lots of help to students including review guides, weekly (optional) review sessions and optional assignments. Downside? The content of this course is VERY DIFFICULT. Make sure your class attendance is high and you read the book! She looks for big picture conceptualization, not just memorizing. She is tons of help at office hours.
AWESOME prof! She can be kinda monotone, but she'll warm up to the class and make jokes to keep the everyone awake. It's a very straightforward class, like BIO 120 all about bacteria with an occasional virus basically. But it's interesting and she makes it as easy as humanly possible! Take her if you can! Just don't neglect to study for her final.
Turned capstone into a really fun class, take her!
good prof. helpful. tests are memorization. very flexible on tests
One assignment and one quiz every week . I recommend her class it was easy as ever. The quiz is 16-20 questions just make sure you read the online book or even skim through it. You get two tries to take the quick and you can view the previous quiz to see which ones you got wrong so you wont make the same mistake. I LOVED THIS CLASS!
Sherri is so caring and understanding. On top of her being a wonderful person, her class is nearly perfect. LOTS of extra credit, clear and EASY grading.... you really have to be trying to get a bad grade to get anything less than an A.
May seem very overwhelming at first. As soon as you understand her blackboard you will be fine. One essay and test every week, but thats about it. Great easy class.
Very helpful, lectures are great.
great teacher. although the content is far more diffecult than highschool she made the class easier than highschool. i recommend her to any student
I really liked this teacher! She did an excellent job getting everyone involved in class and made it interesting and easy to learn, but others have mislead you-you must do the work! I rated a 3 because it's only easy if you put in the time. When greades were posted some people did not do very well!
Okay, it's hard to complain with such an easy class...but it was wayyyy too easy. I learned nothing. Her online test setup is great for an easy A, so if you're looking to up your GPA this is the route to go. Otherwise, don't plan on learning anything.
What can I say? She makes it hard not to do well! With the test questions online...yes the actual TEST-you-will-take-in-class test online, you can even ask about what you don't know and she'll give you the answers!
really easy! Gives you the test before you take it! I think everyone should get an A
VERY easy class, lectures were a little boreing and mostly common sense. She does take random attendance sometimes has in class activities. Definitly take her and you'll do good!
She is an awesome professor. Very nice to students and wears the cutest outfits everyday. I would suggest buying ans skimming the book. Picky exam questions will come from little details, but overall basic knowledge will get you at least a B.
Pretty much just a social class where you can talk about families, open, and easy, great teacher, funny, smart
First I disliked her, then just disliked math. SHE'S actually helpful/nice.
Prof Pennebaker is the sweetest ever. Just do the readings, rewatch the lectures, and take really detailed notes. It's definitely not easy and you have to find a way of studying that works for you. Definitely utilize the class outline they provide and take notes on everything outlined--that's what they'll quiz you on.
Best class ever. So funny and interesting. I didn't get a fantastic grade but it was worth it, lol.
Him and Gosling are great lecturers. I took the online class and was very engaged the entire time. Make sure you're taking notes during the entire lecture! No textbooks.
Great & interesting class. Highly recommend taking Dr. Pennebaker because he's so helpful and knowledgeable.
Pennebaker is amazing and adorable! His lectures are dynamic and super interesting. Gosling and Pennebaker make a great pair, reminiscent of Colin Mochrie and Ryan Stiles from Whose Line Is It Anyway? They somehow manage to slip lots of humor into the fascinating psychology material in this class. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
he is an over all nice guy
Before taking this class I was not looking forward to college math at all. But this professor completely changed my mind. She was the nicest, sweetest, most helpful professor that I've had. She was very approachable and really connected with her students. She earned bonus points when she brought cookies for everyone on exam day :)
Great professor, makes learning math fun!
I hate math! BUT this was a great class and a great professor!! She teaches things very clearly so that you actually understand it! We had 19 quiz/activities but usually it's with a partner and only the top 12 actually count. Exams weren't too bad and you get to bring a notecard to use on the exams! She's very nice. If ya have to take math,take her
Prof. Gardner is very willing to help and she could make anybody understand algebra. She will Make algebra easier than you think it could be. This was always my worst subject until I had this class, now I think it is my top class of the semester.
Me? Understand math? Not until I had Prof Gardner! What a great prof! If you struggle with math, definitely add her course. It's the first time in my life that I've ever understood math! It makes you feel good about yourself and you learn so much! Definitely a must!
I wish I could have her for all my math classes!
She is fun and the class was easy. I still remember it from 5 years ago
the best prof iup has
SURE, A LITTLE DIFFICULT AT FIRST, BUT IT PREPARED ME FOR MBA SCHOOL NOW.
Very cool teacher, easy, and willing to listen if you need to talk. Does take roll on occasion and a class of 150 he will know if you attend. He will answer your cell phone if it goes off and you will be embarrassed (he will make you sing, and act out "im a little tea-pot"). Very fun class, 100% recommend Professor Wright.
I really enjoyed Professor Edwards. She was super kind and always willing to help me with any questions I had on the homework or labs. The lectures are material heavy and will relate to the labs and homework, so keep up. We are allowed one 1-sided 8x11" cheat sheet for the exams. Copying ALL lab formulas onto it will help tremendously on exams.
Best finance professor i've taken yet! Super understanding professor and truly cares for her students. Weekly lab and homework may seem challenging at first but definitely manageable. Two test and she goes over them with you in class. Wish I could take her for more classes
Such a nice lady. Plus, she explains things very well and is very patient with her students. Going over things more than once doesn't bother her. Tests are no surprises: if you did all the homework and checked her solutions, you'll do just fine. Gives formula sheet for exams, too. Loved her.
She is great at explaining a very confusing subject. I don't think it is that she is hard, but Finance in general is just really hard. She explains it best out of anyone, but it is still not easy. I reccommend Edwards--better than the rest!
Prof presents material clearly, material is not easy, but if you can't understand this prof then you shouldn't be a FIN major, Listen in class, use the book only to double check your notes. Even got me an internship at Bank One after 422, Great prof... that is if you are at least semi-intelligent
Very helpful and understanding, explains things so you actually know what she's talking about. Really learn things that apply to life, she's great
understands that the class is boring, explains things clearly, wants to make sure you do a good job, tries to pull out info that will is something you can use for the future, she's good for non-finance majors
Very nice and heplful, easy class
The tests are very difficult but other points are available to offset poor tests
Dr. Forbes is an awesome professor. He gives all the resources and tips needed to succeed. Be prepared to study HOURS each week (constant rehearsal of his lecture notes) if you want an A. Tips to get an A includes studying for each quiz or exam a week in advance, and understanding your notes back to back. Essentially - become obsessed with A+P.
Amazing prof. with cool stories and examples. Very invested in teaching and wants you to succeed! Make sure you are studying the material daily or you will fall behind!
Great teacher! Funny lectures with great anecdotes illustrating concepts. Organized. Very clear on expectations and exactly what will be on exams. Highly recommend!
Dr. Forbes is extremely funny and knows how to make lecture interesting with his stories and all around personality. Study from his lecture outlines and if you know them like the back of your hand, you will do great on tests/quizzez. Would definitely take again.
GREAT professor. Not just in teaching the class, but helps you in life as well! He wants to teach you, not just there to get paid!
Great teacher. So much experience to use in class discussion, can answer your questions in ways that will help you understand. Funny. Worth every penny!
Interesting style - you can't get bored during lecture. Very clear on what is expected on tests, etc. Great sense of humor keeps things interesting and use of class examples helps the information 'stick'
This man is amazing. Had him for lec and lab - loved him in both. Very intelligent, funny, approachable, helpful, fair - fantastic instructor. Tells great stories that are relevant to topic. This class, like most, requires effort to get an A, but very doable - know everything in lec notes / SPO's for tests. Would highly recommend Dr. Forbes!
Interesting, lively, and well organized. No surprises as to what you need to know for the tests. Excellent notes given to study from. Know the notes for lecture and memorize the anatomical features for lab and you are assured a good grade. I loved having Dr. Forbes for A&P. Wouldn't have wanted another--wish I had had him for 121. Great prof.!
Exceptional professor. I had him over a year ago and his course has helped me in several others since then. His lectures are packed with the info. that is most important w/ none of the fluff. Most anyone can get an A if the time and extra effort are put into studying all that is in the study guide. There isn't a better prof. that exists out there!
He's an excellent prof! He's funny and makes learning elements of the human body fun. I signed up to take him for 122 next semester.
Very intelligent and clear. Gives u everything u need to know. Great guy!
Excellent teacher! I recommend him to anyone taking zoology.
Ego, yes. Will you learn anything? Yes! If you are majoring in Biology a must.
Excellent Professor. Makes class fun and enjoyable. Get this professor!
Dr. Long is an EXCELLENT teacher. Fun, explains things in a way that simplifies the complex human body. I enjoyed his class and would recommend him to anyone.
Excellent prof. Really cares about students. Tough grader but teaches you how to write better.
I loved her as a prof! I had her for beg jazz before too, and she knows her stuff! Get ready to work out those abs ;)
So great!! Wish I could take dance with her every semester! The best!
She is such a sweetheart, willing to work with dif. dance abilities
Nice lady. Kind of like your grandma you'd sit down to eat Milk and Cookies with. Easy but not an Easy A. Try and you'll get at least a B.
wonderful teacher, very fun and easy class with plenty of opportunity to get lots of extra credit...even though tests are pretty easy...learned a lot too!
Mrs. Schwanda is awesome, it's an easy and fun class.
Awesome prof! Very helpful, really wants students to do well and understand. More concerned with students understanding concepts rather than every detail. Really nice guy and explains material well.
He made the subject very easy to understand, even for someone with vitually no accounting experience. His class was not very time consuming so it is a good class to take with a more work intensive class.
Great Prof!
Great Prof!
Not an easy grader. Very fair though. No surprises with Corcoran. Does anything to help you. Plus he's fun, funny and very entertaining. My favorite class by far last semester. And if you get the chance, check him out with weights. VERY nice body! Meow.
Nice man, very willing to help or explain. If something isn't clear in lecture, he does a good job of explaining that benefits the whole class and reinforces material. Hilarious corny jokes that make the class lighthearted and fun. Would definitely recommend and am planning on taking him again.
I really enjoyed how she taught the class! There are some difficult concepts in this class but she explains them really well and is always available to answer questions.
This prof was great! Lectures were easy to follow, and with an online class quizzes (and tests) were taken over Connect. Real easy, take her if you can!
Learned so much from her, grade doesnt show. Grade is basically 3 exams and a final, and she makes the exams near impossible. Be ready to get called on and study, like a lot.
Jones-Rikkers was so much better than I was expecting a business law professor to be. She takes really dry material (contracts, torts, etc) and makes it interesting and relevant. She is HILARIOUS too. The things she says just make you crack up.
Professor Jones is awesome! I have 0 interest in the law but she tries to relate it to the students. Her examples are very good and notes are great. I strongly strongly recommend you go to every class and take notes/pay attention. Tests are pretty hard, but not if you study your notes! Definitely recommend her.
Good prof. I had business law in HS so this was like a review class. Her tests were easy and fun. She's hilarious and knows what she's talking about!
Great prof, very entertaining. Her tests are difficult, but multiple choice... you just have to read them carefully. Take her - you wont regret it.
tough exams but you learn so much from her
really nice guy, tests are out of the book and he allows a cheat sheet
Dr. Conner's lectures are the best I've encountered at Hillsdale. Beyond that, he is just a great guy. Get to know him in office hours; you won't regret it. Paper grading is pretty forgiving, but tests are a little tricky if you didn't read the textbook. (Read the textbook!) Tests will cover things very briefly mentioned in class.
helped me in and out of the classroom. Very helpful. Only now am i sorry i created so many headaches for him. In hoc
VERY nice and makes class fun! tough on assignments and lots of work!
Duggins is a boss. Best professor at USC. People want easy A's and he's not handing them out. He challenges you to really learn the material and do well. It is satisfying when you ace a test in his class, which is rare. Ive done it on all exams by the way because I worked my butt off. If he ever comes back to teach, I urge you to take the challenge
Duggins expects a lot but is an excellent professor. Took two courses with him. Anatomy is hard but do-able, make sure to take notes carefully and memorize everything he says for tests. Anatomy lab was the hardest part, definitely take the time to go to the lab outside of lab time to practice identifying structures to do well on the lab practicals.
People here are just lazy. Its not hard, its called memorization. period. You cant wait 3-4 days before an exam and expect to know every thing on his tests. Start early on, and the material EXACTLY like he says it. I took him last year and did great! Just realize that this class will take A LOT of effort.
I have read many of the posts on here and the thing that stands out is that the most literate people say Duggins is a good teacher. Is he hard? Yes. Will you have to study? Yes. People don't seem to understand that the point of college is to learn. If your reason for taking a biology class is to learn biology I highly recommend him. I also know multiple people with test averages above 95 so it's certainly possible to make an A.
His Basic Biology classes are there to weed out the individuals who don't really enjoy biology and that are not going to commit to it anyway. If you those classs are hard, change your major because Biol 415 is even harder. For those who enjoy Biology, like those who make it to 415, just study what he lectures on.
Dr. Duggins grades very hard and in his lectures he talks a mile a minute, pay attention, study hard and take it seriously and you'll be fine, i took him for bio 101 and i plan to take him again for 102 because i feel like i know the subject so thorougly, i made a B in the class, but take it seriously from the beginning and you can make an A
very good class, great professor. tests can be hard but a little bit of studying and actually going to class make them easy
Great guy, fair grader
Great professor. Her lectures presented things in a logical and meaningful way. Also, she's concerned with the progress of each student. After each paper she had individual conferences. Very helpful. Excellent class.
Out to get us?? She wrote long, helpful comments on my papers and spent alot of individual time with me helping me write better paprs and revisions. Yes, she's hard, take her if you want to learn and have your writing pushed to a higher level.
Great professor with an amazing introduction to stats. Goes the extra mile, designing a course that shows students the importance of what they're learning. One graded HW each week. Exams are easy if you do all the graded and non-graded HW. He also singlehandedly makes every class fun and interesting. Very enthusiastic about math. Great experience.
Dr. Kirtland is amazing. His lectures are great and his humor made me never want to miss class. Homeworks are simple, only 1 a week, and he provides his lecture notes to you. The 3 tests are easy and you can bring a cheat sheet. I'm so happy I was able to get him as my first math professor in college. I'd take him for every math class if I could.
Makes learning Calculus so much easier. Provides examples and homework that allow you to practice and really get a hold of the material. So helpful in office hours. The passion he has for math really comes through in his teaching. Take him as often as you can, and you'll really enjoy math more than ever before.
Dr. K is so awesome. Tests are fairly easy, and homeworks are simple if you understand. And if you dont, you ask for help and then its simple.
An excellent teacher. Very considerate of student's needs.
He's got a crazy amish beard, and you can always make jokes about his last name. Never had homework, just attended lectures and got a good grade. GREAT PROF!!
amazing teacher, but the class is very difficult. no homework or classwork, just constant note taking.hes the sweetest guy in the world, and will help you until you get it. tests are really hard though. multiple choice answers are a little intense, usually from A to H. but he really does know EVERYTHING about everything.
AWESOME teacher! i wish he taught bio II. he holds review sessions and will explain the same thing 3 or 4 times if you just ask. very patient with students who just dont understand and need extra help. Tests are not easy but definitely not impossible, just need to study and make sure you understand the info. 6 quizzes and drops the lowest. take him
His reputation precedes him. Tests are really hard, but fair. There is no reason why anyone should do poorly if they study hard. Daily study for his classes in general are a MUST, or else you won't do well. Immuno especially.
Absolutly great teacher, very helpful, very cool and very caring. extremely hard tests, must study for days to have any hope of passing.
She's a wonderful teacher, counselor and person.
Fun class, pretty easy. She's really helpful and we always do fun activities, which are actually helpful in learning as well. While she does instruct the class in Spanish, she makes sure we all understand. This is my favorite class, and I even took a few years off of Spanish between highschool and college, but I love this class
Stoba is a very understanding professior. She gives 4 test and 2 outlines per each test. You will need to do a zoo report. She doesn't give out homework. She wants perfect format on the outlines. She does a reivew day before the test. Shes doesn't like when ppl come in late so thats the only time when shes rude. Over all you need to study and get A
LOVED this teacher! I don'trknow why people here had such a hard time with her class, this is the first college class I'd taken and I found it very easy. She's clear about what she expects from her students and the tests are MULTIPLE CHOICE. Also, her stories make it very easy to remember information.
cultural anthrop was the best class ive taken so far at arc. Her lectures are really interesting, youll never day dream. Easy A if you do the outlines the way she wants them and study the buzz words. Great class i Strongly recomend her, unless your a person that gets butt-hurt easily, cuz she might be strait up and make you look dumb...
out of all my lecture classes,her class is the only one that i never fell asleep even though i took it early.she know a lot about anthropology.she is an awesome teacher because she shares many stories from her own experience and that makes da class so much more interesting.just learn the buzwords and you will do just fine.the outlines are easy2do.
The best teacher ever,,, the easiest teacher ever,, Never opened the book, just be in class and takes notes and you will get an A, trust me on that,,, DON"T LISTEN to any one else,, who talks Sh*t about her,, bet professor ever,,, the clasis is extremely intresting... you should TAKE HER,,, I don't even study, just befre the test I open the ones
Excellent professor.
Very good professor. Very knowledgeable on subject, makes the lecture very interesting, would recommend to anyone.
EASY! Take good notes, and make sure to come to class for review days. Everything on review, is on the exam. Does make class seem harder then it is, but dont pay any attention to it.
Great teacher - knows her material, just study material/notes and you get an A
He's really chill and approachable, easy to talk to and understand. He uses a lot of jokes and anecdotes in class that make the material interesting. Textual reading often links to lecture material and is especially important for passing the weekly online quizzes. The major thing is really the group project and writing the individual assignments.
Super awesome. Favorite prof by far actually enjoyed being in his class
vanden berg doesn't pretend to be unbiased, and certainly shows his flaws. this is a good thing. he's genuine and genuinely interesting, and treats students like people who he is actually interested in knowing. he will broaden how you think, if you let him. don't worry too much about the horrible quizes,you can bomb them and still do well overall.
Great prof, very layed back, helpful and interesting. Material isn't hard, lots of reading but you will find everything he teaches to be interesting and easy to learn.
Dr. Bond is a phenomenal instructor. SEMO is truly blessed to have him as an instructor. Only negative about the class is the size (can be chatty during his lectures, very annoying). His lectures are really interactive, sometimes there'll be experiments during class. You'll feel like you missed out if you skip.
This man is a genius.
very dry, only the facts, kind of lecture. very helpful in resitation. go to resitation and lab. you'll be ok.
If you have the option, take as many classes as you can with John. He excels as an effective communicator and mentor.
Super nice guy. Very easy class. His voice cracks me up so that always made me smile in the morning. Also his jokes are funny as well, and he lets you listen to music while your doing your computer work. This guy really is great
This is an easy class if you've used Microsoft Office before. You go more into depth of Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. All of the work is done online or on Blackboard, so you can basically show up to class and do the work at home. The books aren't necessary, but the access code is. There's teacher's aides that help you when needed everyday. Easy A.
very great prof, always willing to answer questions. And he also always make sure his assistants aren't slacking off. Overall easy class, great guy. Also most fridays are optional.
He was a good prof!!
Easy teacher and very helpful if you need it. Can do the entire class from home so dont worry about taking early ones
Nice guy, very understanding, and very helpful. Do your work, you're all set. Some pop quizzes, though. Gotta be there to get the points.
Mark Levitt was the best professor I had while attending SUU. He would come early and stay late to help his students, he always made himself available. He knew that every student learns differently and took time to get to know their learning style so that he could help them succeed.
EXTREMELY Helpful teacher! He helped me understand math for the first time! He also makes sure you get it until you move on. He actually wants you to LEARN the material. he doesnt try and trick you on your tests
AMAZING! Love her so much, took her for Foundations of Computing. She's like a second mom, really wants her students to succeed.
Dr. Spradling is an amazing professor who tries her best to give you the best feedback and information that she can give you. Tests are not too hard in any of her classes since she gives decent study material. Best teacher so far.
great teacher very helpful and knowledgable about real world unlike some
Took Jelavich for Econ 2 and he was amazing! He gave us sample exams and about 90% of the questions were on our exams. He makes economics pretty easy to grasp. His lectures are great!
Very easy and helpful. Explains material fully.
He is much better than people on here give him credit for. Yes, it is hard. I barely got an A, literally one point away from a B. You HAVE to put the work in if you want an A, but it can be done. Do everything he assigns even when it's not worth credit. He gives you so much material to help study. I could go on saying good things if I had the room.
I took Econ because it was required. I took 2 additional Econ classes because Dr. Collier made it interesting. There are no automatic A's with him, but he makes an A attainable if you want one and study to earn it. I was never bored in class because he is so intelligent that he shares info with a highly entertaining and understandable style. LOVE!
Encourages individual thought, very good teacher
I never had to come to class, I would just pull all nighters before each test. When I did come to class he was very funny. His cynical views make me laugh. I liked him alot.
Great Prof, willing to go the extra mile to help students, cares how you do in class, tests lecture based, take notes
Will give you his arm, he's so helpful and a hottie
2nd time taking this course. 1st with this prof. I actually learned a lot
He isn't very nice or kind, but his class is pretty easy.
really laid back class. tests are so easy. homework is so easy. He explains his lectures really good.
Made RIT easy and not quite but almost fun, even though I didn't learn anything (literally). Highly recommended. My assignments took me 5 min max per week. And he's a wonderful guy. Such a kind man.
Awesome Prof. Made the class fun.
Absolutely fantastic professor. Clear, articulate, theologically erudite, and fair. Co-wrote a wonderful textbook - the best introduction to theology out there. He's the real deal. And he blesses you before you take his "opportunities"...
What a guy. Question the robustness of his trinitarianism sometime if you want a laugh.
Dave is a super nice guy and I found he's lectures to be fairly entertaining. Certain lectures we went through a lot of material fast. Multiple times we had assignments to go out to the nature preserve because he thought it was good for a mental health and we could learn by observing. Really cares about you as an individual.
Warners is awesome! He is super nice, like a jolly giant. Lectures are interesting, which is saying something because he made statistics an interesting topic. Everyone should take Warners at least once.
notes on the board are hard to organize, use scratch paper then copy into notebook. Very nice, tells awful jokes! knows his stuff. keep up on the homework and journals, grading is easy. tests are fair.
She was a wonderful professor! I should take her again in a heart beat! She does standard grading so if you fail one test you can always make it up really easily! Take her if you get the chance!
such a sweetheart!! She is very good at explaining things and cares very much about her students! I hated math, and sucked at it, but her class was interesting and very easy! I enjoyed it!! If your not very good at math, take her class!! it will really get you ready for mth 110. 8-)
I feel like I learned a lot in this class but I was really disappointed with my grade. She knows how children think about math and this provides an awesome refresher for you. I felt like she was way into detail when it came to homework and tests.
Great professor. really came away from the class knowing alot more and more confident for Mth 110
A very talented educator. A very nice person. I was lucky to have had her class.
Such a great class. I really learned a lot. 7 two page papers from text book reading. 12 poems. 3 out of class english events to attend. Tough grader on the papers, great feedback for poems. I recommend this class if you love poetry and/or english. You won't know your grade till you get back your final grade which is annoying.
You won't regret taking this class. Especially if you're feeling cynical about higher education in general and need a pick me up to stay in the game. You might even remember why you came to college in the first place and start loving to learn again. The class size is perfect for a writing workshop. Do yourselves a favor and enroll.
Great teacher. Admittedly, she rubbed me the wrong way when I first met her. She has a very strong personality. But now I think she's a wonderful and funny teacher who actually cares about her job and her students. Best creative writing workshop at UD.
A WONDERFUL human being. Loves her students. So what if she's a feminist?
A very intelligent, creative, insightful and helpful teacher. Deeply experienced in his field, he is very knowledgeable about his courses and what it takes to succeed in criminal justice. Great courses, great discussion, great instructor. 15/10 for Al!
A fantastic professor - very entertaining and very good lecturer. Makes sure you have a chance to hear his explanation once and then restates things for your notes. Not an "easy A" class, but frankly you shouldn't be at UVA if that's what you want. Just come to lecture and read the book assignments and the tests are a breeze. Take this class!
he good professor. he teach good. me learn lot.
Elzinga is an amazing professor who could properly teach economics to someone with no understanding of society. His lectures were insightful and fun, and his teachings were allowed me to fully understand some immensely complicated concepts.
A lot of these ratings claim that Elzinga isn't "all that" and that the course is too difficult; I suspect that's more a result of the exams' focus on critical thinking (as opposed to memorization) than anything else. Elzinga is a true expert in economics and his lectures are enjoyable as well as engaging -- even with hundreds of students.
She's one of the most hilarious people you will have the fortune of meeting. Thanks to her, Italian is the first foreign language I've ever taken that I've actually enjoyed. She's always helpful when you have problems with the coursework and has a genuinely caring personality.
Dr. Baltakis is a great teacher. He actually cares about what he teaches and is very knowledgeable when it comes to history. I took 3 of his classes and learned a lot from him. Bring a computer or a copy of his power point presentations and fill in the missing information that he provides during class. He goes over the ENTIRE test the class before
No idea what that last guy is about. If you do the work (yourself) and see him about questions on the assignments during office hours, he'll help you. Explains things clearly. Outstanding professor. Honest people have nothing to fear.
I LOVE Dr. Muson. He's such a good dude. He lectures a lot so as long as you take good notes, you'll be fine. I only had to write two papers for him and our two tests were take homes. Every Friday he had discussions based on the readings so as long as you skim it enough to get a general understanding, you'll be good. What a man.
Excellent, excellent, excellent teacher. Wish he would teach more accounting courses. No non-sense kind of guy. Very concerned about making sure you understand the processes. Do the homework. He does call on everyone to answer. He does not belittle people. If you don't know the answer, he prods until you learn. Highly recommend him.
The first day of class she said that we could do as well as we choose to...very true. She gives all the study guides w/ the syllabus and prepares you well for tests and papers. If you go to class and fill out review guides as you go, you will not have any problem doing well in her class. Her lectures are a little boring, but overall great prof!!
I don't know what everyone is complaining about. He's fairly interesting, explains well, and has interesting experiences he shares to make the info more pertinent. If you get less than an A then YOU are the problem, not him.
GREAT prof, very peppy, gets involved in students' lives, always willing to help
This man is a genius. He knows so much about film that it blew my mind. Anybody that prefers Dr. J to him is the kid who prefers Fast and Furious to Taxi Driver. If you are serious about film take his class.
Only the best prof ever....he is very clear, understanding, and fun...
He looks like Dr. Phil with longer hair, and talks like a surfer. If you want an easy grade go elsewhere. However, if you need to take History and want to LEARN crap that'll help you the rest of your life, Beeman's perfect.
He is awesome and super nice. If you really want to learn programming, take him and ask questions. He takes his time and explains the answer in detail.
German is a very rare breed. He is hysterical for one. For two, he couldn't care less whether you turn anything in or not. If you go to his office hours enough times, he'll just do the homework for you and give you an A. The amazing thing is, even with his lack of requirements and extreme flexibility, I still learned so much from him. Truly rare.
Three words: easy, easy, easy. And he is a heck of nice guy.
Gass is awesome. Turns learning music into loving music. If you leave IU without taking one of his classes, you've missed out on an incredible experience!
Hands down the best teacher at IU.
Very interesting class and an easy A if you do the work. The assignments require a lot of out of class time. For one project we had to go to an art museum on our own time. She needs to remember this is just an intro class.
Anyone who has been around the block (in life and in the classroom) will love her and see her value. She doesn't give away grades and she doesn't blow smoke up your butt. If you're not responsible and honest with yourself, find another teacher. If you want to learn, become a better writer, and want to be challenged, here is your lady.
I loved him!! He is definitely the best teacher I had at ICC. I recommend coming to class and doing the assigned reading and you will be just fine. Also, he may seem a little intimidating at first but he is more than happy to help you with any questions you may have. All you have to do is ask!! Expect to learn lots with him, he's great!!
Luther is the most insightful and greatest professor I've had throughout my college experience. He is very intelligent and knows a wide range of topics from philosophy to political science. I really enjoy his classes, they're my favorite. I hope to have more classes with Dr. Luther in the future.
Great Professor. If you put in effort you can definitely get a good grade if not an A. Book used is clear and interesting as well. A discussion based class, so be ready to talk! I'd definitely take a class from him again.
If you are a political science or international studies major, get this man to be your advisor. He is regularly in his office and he checks his email. Two major pluses.
Easiest class ever! I went to class the first week and after that never went back. Everything is on the internet. If you're not good with computers you will want to go to class tho! You work with Word, Excel, and Power Point.
He makes poetry approachable for everyone, even if you don't think you know what you're doing. I'm shy but was never afraid to speak up in class. It was a night class but time flew by. There are weekly essays due via email but they're not very hard and mostly just about your opinion of poems. Best class I've ever had.
He is a great professor! He spends about 30 minutes every class period going over homework from the night before and is willing to spend more time if needed. Quizzes are given every class period over last classes material and focus on basic principles. DEFINITELY a teacher you want to take. Always willing to help and truly loves what he does :-)
He goes over everything to make learning simple. Will go over anything you ask. If you approach him after class he will help you with any questions. VERY NICE
DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK, you don't need it. Cathy is a great professor and this class is more about personal economics which was amazing. I took it at 8am and didn't mind it class usually gets out early. 3 tests and minimal hw that is spread out through the semester. Definitely take her she is the best!
She is amazing! I went into this class thinking I would hate it but I ended up loving it! Shes entertaining and kind. She gives so much extra credit and you only have to do 5 of 7 homework assignments for full credit. The tests are based on lecture and reading but they are so easy. Take her if you can!!!
I just finished her summer class. Very intense. BUT if you study each night, don't slack off you'll do fine. Keep up with the online quizzes. Many test questions come from this, study the lecture manual, and do the study questions. You'll never have to open your text! You'll do great!!! Best teacher to meet your science goal with!
Whoever gave this teacher a bad rating is CRAZY!!! Math is so difficult for me but Diane made it so easy not because the tests were designed to be easy but because she taught the subject so well. I would take any math class with her in a heartbeat.
professor raymer is so cool. he is amazing. he will stay and help you with any problems you may have. work not that hard and he's willing to give you a hundred and 10%. love him, great teacher.
Knows his stuff. Very helpful and explains things clearly. The course itself is very difficult but he explains clearly and is a great professor. Very fair. Can have a formulas only sheet on exam and attendance points are a great help.
I don't agree with the reviews about her grading at all. I think she is one of the fairest graders I've had here. She actually gives helpful feedback on assignments, like literally full paragraphs on what you can fix for the next. I love this woman idk what yall are talking about
Usually pretty dull, but not too hard if you do all the busy work.
Fantastic professor. If you get a chance to take Anth 002 with her - take it! You're in for quite a ride. I don't know anyone who didn't love her class.
I've died & gone to heaven, he is the best teacher ever! He is passionate & respectful of his subject I wish he taught everything. More teachers need to be like him.I know I sound sarcastic but he is the teacher to take if you want this history class to be interesting. NOT an easy A, MUST study and RETAIN info from lecture/notes & book! A lot of HW
Energetic and willing to help during office hours for additional clarification.
Awesome and kind teacher. BEST MATH TEACHER I EVER HAD! He goes over the material very well. Homework is pretty easy, due once a week. He is truly passionate about math, take him as a gms teacher.
Larry is a fun professor who cares about his students. He always takes time to explain something in further detail if someone does not understand the material. He is pretty lenient on grading (especially if you make a strong case for yourself). He will never cease to make you laugh or make you happy you went to class.
I have had several classes with Professor Marlin Killen. She is my favorite professor that I have had since being at Drexel, I love the way she does tests.
Great class, Great professor. Easy A and you learn a TON! Much more in-depth than I expected. You will learn about the entire history of film. Perfect class to get 3 units of art for those of us who aren't very artistic. I wish I could have Mr. Hunter for every class. He is very laid back and extremely knowledgeable.
Barry is a God. He will challenge you, as a teacher SHOULD challenge you. At first I hated him, but he forced me out of complancency by expecting more of me that any teacher I've ever had. That was a gift. If you know it all or can't handle criticism, stick to the mediocre and nice, safe A's.
Lectures in the most clear, easy to understand way and is very friendly. He is not one of those profs that rambles and makes it harder - he makes it so anyone can understand the class. Everyone I know loves him, he came highly recommended and I am so glad I took his class.
Probably the best teacher I've ever had. Extremely fair, covers his material with powerpoint and at a very steady and carefully planned pace. Take him over Krikstone for General...and take him for stats over Whitney, and ...take him for every psych class you can get with him.
He's easy. As long as you show him some respect you're guarenteed an A or B.
Prof Armada isn't the type to just hand you the materials and say "good luck". He is very proactive and loves to see you grow and learn! He adjusted to our class, so he could teach us what we needed to know. I learned a lot of things I could use in class and out in the real world. Also, if you can, go see his off-campus comedy skits! Hilarious.
Armada is the best professor I've had at St. Thomas thus far. I vastly improved my public speaking skills through his course. The class was fun to go to every tuesday and thursday which I can't say about my other classes. And yes his Brooklyn accent is legendary. Take Armada, you won't regret it!
The best teacher I've had so far. Great teaching methods, makes the class enjoyable, and very helpful. Recommend this teacher to anyone who is going to take Business Calculus or any other math course
The professor is funny and includes many anecdotes to support what you're learning. You don't need to go to class since the tests are from the book but I did because I like the professor. I did well on the two papers but did terribly on one of the three tests and it messed up my chances at a better grade. So be sure to read the textbook!
I've had Prof Gelderloos for 5 different classes. I love his way of teaching. He opens up the entire semester and you work at your own pace. There are deadlines but the work is very easy and manageable. If you do the work , you'll get an A+. His classes are done 5 weeks before all the others. He doesn't give much feedback, but who needs that?
You do have to read the textbook to understand the material more because he goes over the terms in a more broader way. I did enjoy this class, he always gives out discussions that can help the grade. I also like how he does review before each exam which helps a lot!!! He is also very helpful after class during office hours.
Best Math prof I have had
Dr. Iverson made ochem II very interesting. The rumors are true, he is one of the best professors on all of campus. I didn't do so great in ochem I but I participated way more and "caught the wave." (You'll know what that means). He posts his old exams, which are great practice. Going over notes and going to problem solving help a lot!
Dr. Boyd is a great teacher. He lets you write tests and then everyone shares their answers. There isn't much more he could do to help people make a good grade in his class, but there are still some who won't take the time to look over the answers.
The best Prfessor ever. One of the nicest human beings you will ever meet. He will help you even if it means staying all day. Databases, advice, motorcycles, got to him for anyhting he is extremely accomodating. You can get learn a lot from this course but if you need any help do not hesitate to app
Wonderful! Enjoyed this class very much and Jo was very willing to help.
Greeeeaaaaaattttt Professor. Cares about his students. Will go over a problem in a heartbeat if students don't understand. Gives weekly quizzes, which are great. Overall great guy. If you get a chance, take a class with him, believe me when I say" you will not regret it".
Best teacher I've ever had. I tell everyone how much I loved his classes Soc 302 and 308. He makes everyone feel so valued. I just think he's the absolute best teacher ever, and I have many friends who have said the same thing. Take this class if you want a spiritual awakening and to actually enjoy going to class. Just so interesting and chill.
fascinating lectures, a lot of readings but she really tries to make the work flexible. what a queen
Good professor, however he isn't easy. He will provide you with the material to succeed. DO STUDY GUIDES!!! Know those (not memorize) and you will do well, he often takes problems from the book HW questions. Do those also. Go to SI, he will see that and it will help you get an A and understand better. Read, do HW, go to SI and youll get an A
Take him if possible! I learned more from his class than probably any other class I've taken. He isn't out to give you a bad grade, very helpful, clear in what he expects on papers, there is a lot of info. but he explains theories well. Really nice guy who wants you to actually learn. Not a super easy A but it's definitely more than attainable.
Patrice makes materials very easy to understand and the clicker questions during lectures are very helpful. He is very active on Piazza and is always there to answer students' questions. An overall very wholesome class to have especially in the evening. The exams emphasize material understanding over regurgitation. Definitely recommend.
Take a class with Cathy Smith any chance you get. Cathy is one of the sweetest people you will ever meet.This class was really interesting (even though i was never interested in college health promotion before).Cathy really cares about her students and understands the stress of college students and never wants to add more.Definitely take this class
Dr. Brady is the best math teacher I have every had. His lectures can be long, but he breaks it up with a lot of stories. I have never had a professor so willing to help a student outside of class. If your in honors, TAKE TESTS! Without him, I wouldn't have made it through Calc 1,2, and 3. Strongly recommend him for honors.
Gosh, I love Dr. Behrman! Most definitely, one of the best of the best! Thank you Dr. Behrman, you've taught me great Physics! Hilarious and interesting lectures. Prepare to work for the grade and put some effort into studying (yeah, it's college, get used to working). The grade reflects EFFORT, not performance. Love, love, love.
Frechet is a pretty good professor. He is clear and makes it interesting and his French accent rocks. Chem 3a is in itself a pretty hard class (which is why I rated him a 3), but I've heard he's one of the easier professors to take it with - as they say, "Frechet? Easy A!" "Pederson = death"
Wolfgang is honestly the best professor I have ever had at UOttawa. His lectures are very information dense but also clear and he has without a doubt the most interesting content and method of lecturing I've had thus far. Papers reflect content, exams reflect content. An extremely intelligent man always available for discussion after class. 5/5!
He is the one you want to take for ET at any level. He is kind, caring, and courteous. He holds high standards and reminds us to practice. He helps students in need via Zoom and is accessible after hours. He is clear on his grading criteria and he makes ET enjoyable with extra credit assignments. I am honored to be his student.
Dr. Goyne is SO funny and does not even realize it. I had him for CHEM 121 lab. While I always dreaded going to lab, once I got there and we got going he made it fun to do. He is very approachable and will help you if you just ask him.
He is a very friendly guy, has a sense of humor, he is VERY helpful when you dont understand something. I thoguht that old films were boring but after i took his course my opinion on films changed forever.
Saponjic is the best teacher I have ever had. In a class of 500 people, she manages to create a cheerful and exciting atmosphere and manages to keep the class exciting.Great teacher. I have the book "Personality of Psychology", email chrischrill@gmail.com if you wanna buy it second-hand. Special edition for this class
Such an easy class, but the readings were really long and kinda boring. Sometimes she wasnt inspirational in her teachings, which sucked. She doesnt have a mean bone in her body. If you do the bare minimum she'll give you good grades.
He was amazing! He is not JUST a teacher, he is an adviser, a friend, someone you can go to. He has great classes and gives you PLENTY of time to come in outside hours to get your homework done. Keep up with the work because it IS ceramics.. it takes time to make things, but he HELPS!! SO GREAT!!!
All of the reviews are true, he is truly an icon. He is an amazing professor with an obvious passion for what he does. Attendance is absolutely necessary or you will not pass, but you don't want to miss his class anyways. Even if you aren't paying attention, he will always crack a joke that will get a chuckle out of you. No homework, just 4 tests.
Dr. Dean is the best!! Had him for two classes in my freshman year. He really cares about his students. He's a legend around campus and everyone knows him. He really inspired me to continue in PR. He always starts class off with a joke or funny story. Attendance is very important if he sees you're trying he will help out with your final grade.
The best ECN professor at OU. Very good notes, you dont really need the book borrow someone else for the 2 problems from the book. If you dont understand ECN she will help you get thru the class.
Despite online office hours, save yourself a lot of time and go to the lectures. If you're trying to cram for a test with just watching OOH, then you're going to feel overwhelmed and stressed, so just go to class and learn the material then and use online office hours as review for yourself (OOH don't come out until a few days before the test!)
Flynn is a different professor when he teaches Not-For-Profit. He is very clear and srtaightforward, but he does pick on people for not doing the reading or homework. For ACC407, he doesn't post the homework answers online, so you need to come to is office or, better yet, class to get the solution.
She gives partial credit on almost everything, including tests. The practice tests and preclass quizzes are almost identical to the real test and quiz. If you work hard, and do all of your work, you'll get an A.
HE IS THE BEST TEACHER I EVER HAD, I COULDNT WAIT TO GO TO HIS CLASS AND HEAR THE LECTURES (WORLD RELIGION) DO NOT TRY TO OUT SMART HIM, HE KNOWS EVERYTHING ABOUT THE SUBJECT HE TEACHES, TESTS ARE EASY, ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS SHOW UP AND TAKE NOTES, DO THAT AND THE A IS YOURS.
I struggled with Chemistry, but he slowed down and helped me out. He is a distracted professor, but his TA's and assistant professors majorly keep the course on track. He understands how difficult classes are and is doing his best to minimize any negatives. Really a lot of self-study and lecture review though if you didn't take AP Chemistry in HS.
Cathy Gebotys is the best teacher you'll ever have at The University of Waterloo. Love you
Honestly one of the best prof I've had ever had and really understanding with different circumstances even a few days before something big. Though the content may be a bit hard and confusing she provides us with the resources to actually do well and explains her lectures really in depth. I also recommend not opting out of the lab manual.
Best Prof ever. His lectures are fantastic, the course notes are top notch, and I used the textbook once. He is funny, serious, and smart. The greatest thing is that he wants every one of his students to do well (that's 10% of all UW)
Simply the best. No question. His classes are tough - most definitely - but it's all worth it, and Stuart will sit with you for as long as it takes and explain things in as many ways as possible to make sure you understand - he's really patient about it too!One of the most rewarding classes I've ever taken. Plus, he's HILARIOUS and really friendly!
Shes fantastic! Class is easy, just do your work and do the readings. She gets mad if you dont do them. Hand in your papers on time and youll pass easily. Shes one of the best teachers Ive ever had! Always is available after class and shes easy to get ahold of if you have problems. I cant wait to take another one of her classes!
So loud its impossible to fall asleep in his class. He'll die for his SJU kids!
Dr. B is the best. So funny and makes the class very interesting. If you take a class with him, he will definitely be one of your favorite professors ever!! PLSC357 is very group work heavy, you get put in a campaign group to work together for the whole semester but its an amazing class!
Best professor ever? Yes, yes he is. If you dont take him for Poli-Sci, then you're not a smart one. He was the best teacher, and because of him i might minor in poli-sci. Take his class, for sure.
This class was very interesting, and his lectures were always great and extensive. I learned a lot this semester, and there were only four essays (incl. midterm and final) and no pop quizes. He is soo nice, and always makes good jokes about himself. Take him if you really want to learn global history.
Professor Hanson truly loves her field and she loves her students. She is always willing to lend an ear or meet to discuss information that you might not understand. If you read the text before class, then you will be fine when the pop quizzes occur. Use the resources she provides you, SI especially. Shes the best professor Ive had at UNCC by far
Wonderful person and extremely good lecturer. If you are an intelligent, hard working person you are going to love Him. I have never met a person who is more inspirational than Paul.
Daryl L. Kerr is probably the greatest professor to step foot onto this campus. Yes his lectures are kinda boring, but he will prepare you like no other. If you are complaining about the harsh writing grades you didn't put any effort into trying to get a good grade. The assignments are clear and straightforward. Follow the rubric and you'll be fine
Great professor. She's interested in what she teaches which makes a big difference. Offers help continuously, so if you do poorly, you're just a slacker. Warning though: memorization required, but understanding concepts is also very important. If you're lost the first week or two, CHANGE CLASSES!
Dr. LeClair was my Advisor for four years and was approachable, patient, flexible, and insightful. I loved going to class, as I learned a lot in a relaxed fashion. He is just a really wonderful guy who takes an interest in developing his students. :)
WOW WOW WOW. Can't say enough. One of the best teachers ever, hands down. I had no interest in Geology before this class and he taught us sooo much stuff in such an interesting way. I am a chronic class skipper and *almost* never missed one of his classes. Changed the way I thought about the world around me. ASTOUNDING. HIGHLY recommended.
If you're lazy and don't study you likely won't do well in this class. Studying for the map quizzes & tests is a MUST. Great teacher who knows all his students by name, which is largely due to assigned seating. Although attendence isn't mandatory, missing class really puts you behind on the information. Great professor & one of the best LBST's.
Dr. Shealy is an incredible teacher. He is extremely knowledgeable of the material and more than helpful with anything you might have a question with. I would recommend him to anyone who has even the slightest interest in English or literature, he really makes it understandable and fun!
Gauss is the best! He's easy and enjoyable. Sarcastic, but in a funny way. Three papers, two tests. His final isn't bad. Read the book and you'll be fine.
Loved this class. Took in in the 2 week summer block. Learned a ton and looked forward to class. He is funny, helpful and very clear on expectations. I think it was hard for him to be in class at 8 am...but, that goes for many folks. Just a doll! Take him if you are lucky
I've had her for 3 classes..she's wonderful! Doesn't talk down to students like some professors do. She's always willing to help her students succeed!
Loved him and his accent! He uses cool pictures from places he visits--not just straight lectures. Tons of visuals. Essay tests but if you go to class and take notes its easy. Great class!
Deathfully boring. Useless to come to class. On the other hand, Hdawg is very straightforward with course structure. If you do well throughout the term you dont even have to show up for the final. Who doesnt want that option.
This is my second class with Barton and once again, he has exceeded all expectations. Never seen this man get upset, even when he could tell the class did not do the readings. He is extremely knowledgeable in medieval history, always willing to help, great sense of humor, laid back, and will gladly help you. Do the readings! You will be fine.
Very good instructor, helpful and very clear. Expectations are precise, you have to attend class and you have to complete assignments she does not bend on this but more than willing to help
Bob is the best English professor to ever in the English Dept. here at UMaine. If you want to learn more about the American War in Vietnam just ask him. Class was well structured and he kept things interesting. Nice guy with an interesting history.
Take the internet class. Know the practice exams backwards and forwards. Go see him if you need help because he's one of the nicest, most helpful profs at SDSU!! Totally COOL!!
A great professor that is extremely knowledgeable in the field. He does his best to explain abstract concepts and really cares about his students. He can be pretty witty and funny at times too.
the best teacher i ever had, class discussions are awesome, all papers
she's not teaching??? that sinks!!! I had her for two classes and she really knows her stuff... the math and how to teach it. I always hated math, but she makes it fun and I learned so much and now I can't wait to teach it. it really bites that she's gone
Professor Comins is great for someone who is interested in astronomy and wants to have a good understanding on the subject from an introductory course. His tests are only challenging if you do not make a point to study what he was emphasizing was important in his lectures. He is very engaging in his lectures and willing to answer most questions.
Here's the class. You have 5 question quizzes basically every class period over 20-40 pages of material or 4 - 5 poems. 4 factual questions, 1 essay that he lectured about the class before. Read the assignment, or sparknote, and you'll be fine. If you want to actually learn literature and not stress over papers, he's your professor
Bernhardt is one of the best teachers at UMaine. He lectures on material from the book he uses but helps translate some of the concepts into an easier to understand format. The homework requires some thought and practice but there is only one assignment a week. Recitations review homework and do tutorials on new concepts. Syllabus is very accurate.
I have met other students who are majoring in Political Science & have complimented Professor Phil Saenz as one of the best Academic Professors that teach Political Science. He enables his students to learn & absorb the information he teaches. He has instilled greatness in his students. That is admirable. With Appreciation Thank You Professor!
Interesting class. Easy class. Very fcking easy class. He GIVES YOU HIS NOTES (if you can pay to make copies of them)! Holy crap, it couldn't be any easier. This is how professors SHOULD be. Unfortunatly, he's one of the few who are like that.
Dr. Butterfield is the best teacher/professor I've had throughout the years. Very knowledgeable with the trac-record to prove it. One of the few to fully incorporate his findings throughout his career to better help his students. Very approachable for help. Very clear. Understanding. Shows his passion for any student giving maximal effort.
Professor Templeton takes seriously the tenets of critical thinking as a means of living; he will not pay credence to fads or fallacies. He believes the classroom is a place for serious discourse and where all ideas should be challenged. If you don't actually want to think critically, don't take this class, you will be called out and rightly so.
There's a reason they call it a BS class. It really is. There's a lot of work, but it's really easy. Only 2 lab writeups, and one group project. As long as you show up to lecture and lab, there's no reason you shouldn't get at least a B
he is one of the few professors at sfa who gives a damn. he's helpful and caring. his class is only easy if you go cause you will learn just by being there. tests require studing, be on time, participate in class discusion. side note: I was here on 9/11 and it was amazing how many students skip their class to go to his to hear what he had to say
AWESOME! BEST TEACHER IN PSC AND CUTE AS A BUTTON. HE IS HOTTER THAN FRESH BAKED BREAD AND THAT MADE THE COURSE EVEN MORE INTERESTING.
If you are looking to take this class, then look no further!!! this guy can teach, very nice, funny. Wants people to learn, enjoys teaching. Oh and get the book. You'll need a book to practice for the test because he doesn't provide practice exams. The problems in the book were much harder than the exam. therefore you will do well. put in effort!
He is such a great professor. Best I have had at Montcalm!! Inspired me to find my talent in writing.
great professor. I took her for calc 1 and calc 2 and she breaks it down into simple algorithms so you can use the same patterns for different problems. If you can take her, TAKE TIGHE. Wonderful prof.
Amazing prof, you will actually want to go to his 8am lectures because he is so funny and enthusiastic about what he teaches. He is also very fair with marking and his exams. It is true his final exam is a lot harder than the previous ones but shouldn't that be expected on a final that encompasses all the material? Just study and you'll be fine!
John Dunning is a great professor. Communicates clearly and is always ready to answer questions and help students in and out of class. He makes lectures entertaining and fun. He clearly is very passionate about his field of study and is very approachable and kind. He was my favorite lecturer for sure.
Larry is one of my favorite professors. He is rather knowledgeable, and he actually makes going to lecture quite fun and entertaining. Some may say his pace is slow, but its actually better because he allows time for you to grasp the information. He wants you to succeed and he holds you accountable for all your work.
Second time through this course but DrDoub is crystal clear and makes sure you understand. Tests are like her worksheets. She does not mind answering the same questions. Minitaba is a drag but even the labs are fun with her. She is excellent and knows this stuff inside and out. Best of all the stat profs-- HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
by far the best english professor i have ever had. he loves his subject, knows his subject, addresses his students by name ... he read beowulf (pretty close to the original text) and boom, i became and english major.
He goes against the grain meaning he is not your typical liberal college professor. He is honest with you on speeches and debates. He tells you things as it is and if you have thin skin then I wouldn't take the class. He has no bad intent, he has an opinion like everyone does so don't complain if he says something you don't like.
Hands down one of the smartest people I know. You learn so much in her classes and she is very helpful and nice. Has a good sense of humor as well. I've had 4 classes with her and loved them all. It should be a requirement for everybody to have at least one Gesink class. While challenging she's not as hard as everyone else says.
This professor is York's gem. He's there to help you and he is the best lecturer I've ever seen at York. The textbook is written by him and it explains concepts clearly. The only problem I had with him was that his tests were a little tricky so make sure you read the questions carefully before you answer them.
You have to go to lectures to get notes and know what is going on. But his tests and assignments are extremely fair if you go to class and pay attention, he may even give hints and help. Love a fair and funny prof.
He is a great man! Tries to make everything as clear as possible. I took him for 203 too. His classes were fairly easy, but his finals were tricky and brutal.
Professor Tracey is one of those instructors that you remember forever, his teaching is so clear and easy to follow and he is very open to comments and questions. If you take any courses in economics, take them with Tracey. I don't have him for this semester anymore and I really regret that. If I had the chance, I would switch to his class.
The most amazing professor I've ever had at this school hands down. You'd be doing yourself a great disservice if you didn't take him.
Absolutely phenomenal Organic Chem teacher. Don't take him to receive an A, seeing as they are hard to come by. Rather take him to understand and learn organic chemistry. He is truly wonderful at lecturing and speaks with authority. He is incredibly fair and at times funny. At his worst he is arrogant, at his best he is inspirational. Take him!
This professor is amazing. You learn a great portion of life that is marked in history. He is one of those people that are written about in books and you wish you had the opportunity to meet and pick his brain. Amamzing man
A. Shes a sexy individual which makes it easier to learn. And shes doesnt give boring lecutures. If you can take her. and shes got that southern drawl. :)
Absolutely amazing professor. He is very lecture heavy, but his classes are overall entertaining and keep you intrigued, even at 9am three times a week. I look forward going to his class several times a week, even being hungover after thirsty Thursday.
Will was my favorite teacher...he requires work but its calculus. As long as you are interested in learning he is willing to help and although class is not mandatory you should try not to skip
There is a quiz every class, from materials of two classes before. It forces you to study, he is honestly the best teacher I have ever had. I have always struggled with math. He has a dry humor, which I found funny. He will explain if you speak up. Do not need textbook, just access code for mymathlab.
I don't know how anybody can say he is a hard/bad teacher. The guy knows what he is talking about and enjoys his job! He makes me enjoy the class!! People who think he is hard just need to get off the couch and start studying the notes..they might then actually know what he is talking about in lecture & lab...Great teacher for sure!!!
The first thing I notice is that Professor Shen is a hard working professor. He is smart, humorous, and he gives positive feedback. He gave me a lot of good advice about my project from last year, and I appreciate his help a lot. He also worked to promote computer networks and computer science in general to children, a plus!
Dr. Kirtland is such a great professor! You will have to put a lot of work into his class but it is manageable. He made stats very interesting and clearly explained every topic. He offers a lot of office hours and gives helpful feedback on assignments. Do all of the non-graded hw assignments, they are helpful when it comes to quizzes!
I couldn't stand the quizzes. They were a beast. I didn't really care for lecture either. BUt I really enjoyed talking with Todd. He loves to talk with you if you ask him. Probably one of my favorite profs here. He is great!
Although I am merely a first-year, Dr. Elzinga is far and away the best professor I have. He's articulate, funny, and has every one of his lectures down to a science. I recommend this class to everyone.
Willingham is the best prof I've had at school so far. He's absolutely hilarious! Plus he wrote the textbook so he knows how to teach it. The tests are ridiculously hard though, but questions are taken pretty directly from the book. Attend lectures regularly, which isnt too hard to do coz he's lots of fun in class. Overall, it's a great class!
He is a great professor. His anecdotes were fascinating and a his description of his cases were amazing. I was disapointed when I had to miss a class because I really enjoyed lectures. This is saying a lot considering it was at 9:30 in the morning. Take the class. You won't be disapointed!
Delph is the best history prof i've had at EMU by far. He is so interesting and knowledgeable on the topics. His assignments are laid out so you know exactly what to do. The 9 page research paper is hard work but extremely rewarding. you dont have to spend much money on texts. Dont miss class, you will regret it!
Her class was one of the best classes I've taken. You rarely use a textbook, but I always like to have one just in case I need it. She let us drop our lowest test score before the final, and you take a few midterms. She actually makes Geology seem really interesting. She gives you study guides for each midterm and the final.
Probably the easiest class I have taken so far. You will have to dedicate a lot of time to watch productions and write papers, but it really isn't bad. If you get anything incorrect on an assignment, he will give you comments and sometimes allow you to correct and re-submit. He very passionate about his job and funny too. Definitely recommend!
Professor Sommers was the best professor I had during my first semester at UD. He is incredibly helpful and goes out of his way for his students. He advertises many different opportunities on campus and helps in the application process. Class is lively and entertaining. Grading is straightforward with different group projects mixed with exams.
Peter Baker is the most laid back teacher ever. Very easy class. Usually will let you out of class early. The readings are long and boring but what you talk about in class will help you on the essays, there's 5 of them!!!
Professor Bell is vastly superior to many other professors at KU. I would recommend him for any chemistry course. He is passionate and a great guy. You always learn something new and are always intrigued. I absolutely adore and love Reggie Bell.
Dr. Rise is probaly one of the best professors I had this semester. He makes the class very entertaining with his sharp-witted comments. we had 2 page papers to write almost weekly, but we could chose from 5 out of 8; so if you didn't want to write one you could miss it with no penalty. readings were short and interesting. overall I recommended.
he is amazing and always willing to help you out! don't slack off! acting isn't easy and he shows you this.
Dr. Willet is the best American History teacher you could ask for. She's interesting, fun, engaging, and her lectures give you a brand new perspective. She's a very easy grader, and her class is ultimately a wonderful learning experience. Far and away the best history professor I've ever had. I reccommend Dr. Willet to anyone and everyone!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Jennifer!! She has been one of the most caring, relatable, invested professors I've ever had. This was already an emotional class alone, but speaking with her about the issues of everyday wouldn't have been the same with any other teacher at NCC! She really is a gem, a must take teacher at NCC!
Best math teacher I've ever had! Was always happy to awnser questions even really easy ones. I acctually understand calculus! Seriously.
The best professor I've had. Lectures follow text, quizzes follow lecture and text, tests follow quizzes. Always available for tutoring, help, etc.
Prof. Johnson is perhaps one of the most amazing and kind-hearted professors on the campus. She is extremely sympathetic and flexible, and caring! I find it hard to believe that one can remain so positive and happy after dealing with college students! She's so nice!
he is a great math teacher, it's hard but he explains the work thoroughly. He even gives you a chance to drop if your not catching on.
This class is lots of work, but then it is a grad-level class and it's 4 credits. You really have to study to do well, but being in groups helps a LOT. Spend time in the lab!!! Prof is a sweet lady, seems intimidating at first but really loves her students and the subject. I got a better grade than I thought.
Professor Lyon is amazing, I highly recommend him for anyone who has to take history or political science courses at tri-c, believe me he is way better than the other professors in the history department take my word for it. Definitely know how to spell, he is very big and even grades and takes points off for it, he's a red skins fan LOL!!!
Best professor I've ever had! Very inspirational! Tries to teach people the many ways the world works, the various viewpoints you'll surely encounter and to confront society in a new way. Jess is the best, man! But he's a redwing's fan.
Professor Pruis truly cares about his students. He is always a half hour early for lectures, and is willing to stay as late as needed to answer questions. His feedback on homework, quizzes, and tests is very clear and useful. His grading criteria is both very clear and very forgiving. I hope to be able to take more courses with him.
I took her persuasion and propaganda class as a freshemen and she scared the bejebers out of me. But this class is so awesome! I's so happy I didn't walk out on the first day, it was really easy. Just come to class, read the two chapters a class, and pay attention. I promise you'll love it!!!
Dr. Capodilupo (Cap) is the most motivating, enthusiastic professor I have ever had. He was so good after I took him for pathophys, I switched into his capstone class. These classes are definitely content heavy, so If you buckle down, he will make sure you succeed. Highly recommend him for anything!
The best english teacher i ever had!!! She was always there to help in and out of class. Had insiteful comments on our papers and had a true want to see her students succeed! (rare to find) Hope she's teaching junior WRT class when i take it!!
She is fabulous, best teacher I ever had!
he is a very good professeur,very concise,helps you in any and evry way he can.
