Deya has a great passion for children. To get a good grade you have to be willing to show up and participate. She is very good at what she does, she may try to intimidate you in the beginning. Overall really good class. I got an "A"
if you do your work you will get no less then a B..great teacher
HE IS JUST A GREAT TEACHER! I have taken him for cultural, physical, and now forensic anthropology, and he is just a great teacher! He makes each class a great learning experience, and fun! You'll laugh you ta-ta off in each one of his classes. He's passionate about anthropology, and he sure helps students to love the subject as well. TAKE HIM!
I often wished this class was offered for two days a week instead of one! There is a good reason why Prof. Doonan's students look forward to going to his class - there is never a boring moment. If you have always thought anth was a boring subject, he will make it interesting for you. He is quite an amazing teacher and makes it so easy to learn.
Doonan is my favorite Professor! Very funny, always makes class interesting. He's very helpful and makes sure that everyone participates in class. I especially like that he doesn't let people interrupt or talk in class when he is speaking. I HIGHLY recommend him!!
Doonan has been one of my favorite teachers at City. Take his classes if you can :)
AWESOME TEACHER! It can be a lot of information but if you just talk to him then he will help you. He really loves waht he does and I would, and have recommended him to others!
lectures are fun becuase he's funny and seems to really love the topic. the class is easy if you write really fast, take good notes, and are a good listener. also the tests are not easy, but he's not a hard grader. i would definitely reccomend this class because i learned a lot and had fun.
Semi hard class, but he's very funny and keeps everything interesting. He requires a lot of participation and discussion about the topics. You get extra credit for telling a joke relevant to the topic.
Very straightforward and clear on what he expects. Very laid back, encourages discussion and keeps the class interesting. Didn't mind the discussions going back and forth as long as they stayed civil and on topic, VERY enjoyable class. He is also very approachable and helpful if you grab him after class. I would recommend him and CJ435 to all major
Addo is, by far, the best IDS teacher at SDSU. ANYONE can get an A in his class if you put in some effort. The exams are a little tricky but if you do well on the projects which you can use the book to do, you can still do very well in the class. I got an A with minimal effort. Addo is very concise and prepared for his lectures. He knows his stuff.
Great professor. His tests exactly reflect the material presented in class. His lectures are amazing and his door is always open for help. The material can be challenging, but if you're a physics major, it's rewarding.
Professor Monk is very nice, and she's very knowledgeable. Her tests are fairly easy. A lot of in class lectures are basically BS though. Overall, I would recommend her as a professor.
Dr. Russ is to date the best professor at UD. He is a great lecturer and genuinely hilarious person. He only has 3 tests, none are Comprehensive. Attending class is a must though because he doesn't use any lecture materials or website. His word is what notes are taken on. His pace is fine and he makes the material interesting enough to remember.
Dr. Russ was an amazing professor!! He is so knowledgeable and passionate about the subject. So nice too!
No doubt the best professor at the University. Just go to class. You will enjoy class more than any other course you have taken. I was actually sad the class was over.
Russ was a really awesome, clear, and fair professor. If you need a history requirement, take 206 with him. 3 written exams where you choose the essay you want with some short IDs. My TA, Liz Jones was great as well. Not a stressful class, put in the effort, go to class and take notes and you will get As and Bs.
Russ is by far my favorite professor at UD. He's very engaging during lecture and his a great speaker. He's extremely knowledgable and genuinely cares about the students. Tests weren't that bad and discussions were easy. I'd recommend him for any class he teaches.
Russ is an amazing professor! He gives make-ups if needed and is very personable. Although the class was at 9:05 he held everyones attention. Overall Russ makes history interesting and is by far the best professor I have had at the University of Delaware.
For a history class, it was fantastic. I registered for and then dropped a history class each of the last five semesters. This one was a keeper. He is very clear and speaks very well.
Totally my favorite professor this semester. He is so engaging and intelligent. I never even skipped because I hated to miss him talking! He's so funny and incredibly knowledgable. I wish he taught all my classes.
this class is for thinkers, if you plan to transfer, you can get a recommendation from him, yea if you don't want to do anything then do something else
Nice professor but doesn't go over readings in class because of getting side tracked. You have to do two projects which take up a lot of time but it gives you good experience. I recommend this class if you want to do event planning.
by far the best professor i will ever have in college!he is so sweet and truely cares about his students. he will always remeber you.he makes classes fun and jokes around alot! there are not enough nice things to say about paul sestak!
Paul is the best teacher and loves the industry mroe than anything. He is really helpful and always has something fun to say, even if it is off topic. He does not get mad if you miss class, but you wont want to anyways!! If your in HRIM, you better make sure you get him as a teacher!
class is easy, he has a good sense of humor
Great teacher who knows what he is talking about. I have little to no interest in literature, but he makes it interesting and I learned a lot of world issues (past and present). Class participation is required, but you'll never feel stupid giving your own input. Highly recommend this teacher and class.
This is a great teacher! He teaches things from a different perspecitve, not in a "biased" manner like some on here suggest. He has had a lot of experience in the world and it shows. You get history along with english and that is just as important for understanding the texts. Take him!
This professor is great!! I even did need to read the book, just used it to do HW. It was easy to learn in his class. TAKE HIM!
He's amazing, easy to understand, wants you to learn, gives extra credits, and easy to get an A with him
This professor is amazing. You learn a great portion of life that is marked in history. He is one of those people that are written about in books and you wish you had the opportunity to meet and pick his brain. Amamzing man
He's a good professor, very helpful, a bit boring though...
Really cares about us
I had Dr. Grabowski for UHC Org. Chem 1 and 2 all the way back in 2003-2004. He is a tough grader, but he is an excellent professor, and I would take his courses again if I could go back in time. He prepared me very well for my pharmacology and biochemistry courses in pharmacy school. One of the very best professors at Pitt!!
She is a very straight forward in what she is teaching and you either take her serious or you don't take the class. She gives opportunities for extra credit so do them because they made the difference in my grade. If you ask for help eairly on she is open to give you extra help, but if you wait till the night before the test she won't bother.
Really easy class. If you want an easy A you must take this course. However don't miss to many classes because you will fall behind. The work is pretty simple all you have to is follow the steps from the book. Time consuming but really easy.
Cless is a class act and is very thorough. He surely knows his material and is a great teacher who is willing to go above and beyond for his students. I highly recommend taking this informative class because knowledge is in fact the key.
Much better than Meade. Very good teacher. allows a lot of dialogue. Take Young, avoid Meade at all costs!
Dr. Willett is amazing! She is one of my favorite history teachers by far! Her lectures are interesting, and she doesn't use a textbook. Tests are essay based, but her and her TA's aren't tough graders. I would take her again and again!
Bowler is an amazing teacher. You must go to class and take thorough notes in order to be prepared for the exams. His exams are in 2 parts that are all essays, long and short, but he is a very fair grader. You get to watch videos and he usually has powerpoints of pictures/maps for further understanding. His notes are outlined for you. TAKE HIM!
Prof. Hickey is the one of the smartest and nicest professors here at Assumption. His tests and quizzes are extremely hard, and I took two of his classes my freshman year, but it was worth it, because I learned a ton. He has a grading curve which is very helpful, and don't be afraid to go to his office hours, because he might bump up your grade!
He is very helpful, basically impossible to fail. I took 5 classes got all A's.
if you need a history credit, take this class. easiest class I have ever taken. You can literally not pay attention the whole time and still get an A in the class. There are no tests, only 2 essays that are 1,000 words. One homework assignment every class that is usually 3 questions. lectures for the whole class but you don't have to listen.
I love him!! 10 question test every week, but all material comes from class lectures and he uses powerpoints. random attendance, but adds 5 points to final grade if you have perfect attendance. he's really nice and adds a little bit of humor sometimes, tells a lot of stories. DEF. take him if you can!!
I loved this teacher!! Hes a great teacher. This class is very interesting. He makes this class lots of fun with his videos and pictures and fun quizzes! If all possible get this teacher you will learn a lot!
he is such a cute little man. he will help you with anything! attendance is important and sutdy for quizzes and you will do fine. he tells really intresting stories to help you remember things, and only cares about you doing well in his class.
Great teacher, I made an A... Good class, just go and participate and you'll do fine.
he makes the class fun, and you actually learn. pretty easy class as long as you keep up with his notes and read the chapters.
Papa Smurf! i love dr. handron. he is THE coolest. best intro psyc class ever, take it it's an easy A. almost no reading, just take good notes, and he has good games, too! totally awesome!!
He's great. Yeah he's tough but most teachers at Geneseo aren't. If you want an education take him... he knows what he's talking about too, which is very refreshing.
Aldrete is a good guy, and he makes class interesting by telling you cool trivial information. He really enjoys what he teaches and loves questions. Class is easy if you do the reading and notes thing.
Loved his class. I hope he is back from greece
I have never had such a hard time staying awake in a class! His lectures are super boring and attendance is part of your grade. He does however grade super easy. The papers are really short and easy. If you can handle being bored I would recommend this class. Otherwise, stay away! He's a good prof.
Basil is a very nice, endearing professor. I was dreading my literature class, but he made it interesting and understandable. Books were a bit boring and difficult readers, but if you listen to his lectures you will do fine!
He is a very helpful teacher. He lets you redo your papers for a higher grade, which is very nice.
he is a great math teacher, it's hard but he explains the work thoroughly. He even gives you a chance to drop if your not catching on.
Knows his stuff and makes class entertaining
Great professor, loves what he does. He makes psych so interesting. I would definitely would recommend him to any and all.
Gurung is an amazing teacher. He's funny and had a great teaching style. I recommend this class to anyone! He's involved and helps out whenever you need it, very easy to talk to.
He's the coolest prof i've ever had! He makes learning a lot of fun, and he's such a happy and energetic guy. 5 stars and 2 thumbs up for this chap. (Plus he sounds like Mo from the simpsons and its kinda funny sometimes....) :)
Dr. Evans is a great instructor who shows empathy and compassion for her students. She is very knowledgeable about the courses she teaches. Be prepared for reading and take notes on the lectures because there will be questions about them on exams. Overall good experience so long as you are willing to put in the time and effort.
She is so awesome. I have taken 2 classes with her so far. This class was online only. There is a lot of reading and HMW, but if you are a PSYC major it's interesting. Great communication, extra credit, online group discussion heavy, but not hard. I'll honestly take any class she teaches.
Allison is an excellent teacher. She made the class fun, informative and interesting. There seemed to be a lot of work involved in this class considering it was only 2 units.
Not easy but be realistic about your performance. She is a good teacher especially one on one so go to her for help during office hours if you are not getting it. Her tests are hard but fair.
had her for 2 semesters, great teacher! always available if you have problems, exams are hard only if you don't study for them - its usually obvious what will be on the exams
A. Shes a sexy individual which makes it easier to learn. And shes doesnt give boring lecutures. If you can take her. and shes got that southern drawl. :)
Absolutely amazing professor. He is very lecture heavy, but his classes are overall entertaining and keep you intrigued, even at 9am three times a week. I look forward going to his class several times a week, even being hungover after thirsty Thursday.
Good guy... knows his stuff.
This class is lots of work, but then it is a grad-level class and it's 4 credits. You really have to study to do well, but being in groups helps a LOT. Spend time in the lab!!! Prof is a sweet lady, seems intimidating at first but really loves her students and the subject. I got a better grade than I thought.
Will was my favorite teacher...he requires work but its calculus. As long as you are interested in learning he is willing to help and although class is not mandatory you should try not to skip
Will is a really nice guy, funny, and knows his stuff. Excellent calc professor
Online, set on a schedule. Great professor! He is so funny and he teaches exactly to what will be on hmk and test. ( 4 Test & one is replaced by the lowest grade) If, I could pass this class with an A, then anyone can! you just have to take your notes and listen. If you do then you will do great in his class. He cares about his studentsTake him!
Great professor. Teaches really well. If you have any questions hell always help out. Attend all of his meeting they help out so much. His exams arent hard theyre just like the reviews.
There is a quiz every class, from materials of two classes before. It forces you to study, he is honestly the best teacher I have ever had. I have always struggled with math. He has a dry humor, which I found funny. He will explain if you speak up. Do not need textbook, just access code for mymathlab.
Different way of teaching, but at the end of day you will learn a lot ! Great teacher !
With good attendance and work on my part I received an A in both Precal and CAL1 in his class. He's really good at teaching complicated concepts quickly. His explanations are so much better than the book. He is sometimes annoyed by people who don't prepare for class. His tests are very similar to the review and the problems on the quiz. 5 star
I enjoyed the class. I especially liked the chapter reviews
After 3 weeks into the class, I approach the professor to request that I withdraw from the class. I did not feel that I could keep up with the class. She encouraged me to stay and I am glad I did. I learned a lot and my grades improved. She is an excellent teacher.
I really liked this teacher...if you have sociology w/her or need to take sociology I would recommend you take it w/her she's really good at her teaching styles very understanding w/the students and she does not take late work or likes anyone to come in late to class. But she is still the best teacher I've ever had.
She's really good at teaching how to write. Just listen and pay attention for once, and you'll learn a lot.
The way of grading in this class is very good as it is based off of total points rather than how you score on all the assignments. As long as you do your work you will get an A. All the assignments are optional, but if you do all the work on time this class will be over by thanksgiving or earlier. You need 1350 to get an A.
I didnt know much about politics and what is happening around the world until I took this course. Boyer is without a doubt the best professor at VT. To get an A you have to put in the work. Its honestly fun work though because you learn about the world and watch movies every week. If you put in the work and time, youll easily get an A.
Easily the best teacher I have had at VT, challenges you to look at the world from a different perspective, with a great sense of humor as well.
He cusses a lot and makes a lot of innuendoes, but overall, he is very effective at teaching the stuff and opening closed minded Americans minds to the rest of the world.
I loved this class. He taught it very well, he did not make you feel stupid when you asked a question. I recommend this class.
I love this professor, he is awesome. The class was easy. DON'T YAWN! :D
Professor Lyon is amazing, I highly recommend him for anyone who has to take history or political science courses at tri-c, believe me he is way better than the other professors in the history department take my word for it. Definitely know how to spell, he is very big and even grades and takes points off for it, he's a red skins fan LOL!!!
Dr. Fanning is the BEST accounting teacher. His final is somewhat hard, but other than that, he is very nice, tells you exactly what to study and makes accounting easy. Definetely take him if you dont like accounting. He makes it understandable.
I made a 102 in the class over the summer (online long summer). He is the sweetest person and will always help you when you need it. You have 2 papers (3-5 pages), 3 exams, DBs, journal entries and that it. The class can be done online and you will learn so much.
Professor Moes did an excellent job teaching this class. He has a real flair for ancient philosophy and it shows. He made lectures exciting and kept my attention, esp. during a 3 hour night class! I would recommend this prof to anyone. He is an awesome guy and I hope to work with him in the future.
SOOOOOO HELPFUL, anything you need she's there for you. Lectures are about as exciting as operations management could be, but if you do the exercises the tests are cake. Great professor!
Best professor I've ever had! Very inspirational! Tries to teach people the many ways the world works, the various viewpoints you'll surely encounter and to confront society in a new way. Jesús is the best, man! But he's a redwing's fan.
He is one of my favorite professors in SDSU. Very helpful, funny, and caring for his students. This class is almost exactly the same as the lower division 141B except for the short essay questions on tests. I highly recommend it, you will have a good time and learn something, plus meeting your GE requirements.
Do yourself a favor and take him. Of the two years I've been at State he is probably my favorite Professor. Pretty odd to say this but I actually looked forward to going to class. He is a really great guy who cares about his students, and funny too! Hope to catch him in another class that he is teaching in the future.
cool teacher knows his stuff
Professor Pruis truly cares about his students. He is always a half hour early for lectures, and is willing to stay as late as needed to answer questions. His feedback on homework, quizzes, and tests is very clear and useful. His grading criteria is both very clear and very forgiving. I hope to be able to take more courses with him.
This is the math professor you've been looking for. If you need help, you can get it effectively. He does go over ANY hw problems as a class, so you will see material constantly and the teaching method works very effectively for how the class should be run. He is a professor that gets it from a student point of view and understands students.
He is a good teacher. Answers all questions on homework before he gives a homework quiz.
It was an on-line class, but he was there to help answer any questions we had on the subject, and he was always there and willing to help us understand the subject better!
I took this class when going back in person. his exams were take home, and you can submit them early for feed back as many times as you want, same thing with homework assignments. He is very informative. Definitely recommend.
He's a really nice guy, great teacher, and he is really straightforward. Take him. Although class is mandatory and he spends all of his time in class wisely it's worth it.
I took her persuasion and propaganda class as a freshemen and she scared the bejebers out of me. But this class is so awesome! I's so happy I didn't walk out on the first day, it was really easy. Just come to class, read the two chapters a class, and pay attention. I promise you'll love it!!!
Amazing teacher. She'll move you and inspire you to want to learn. The classes I've taken with her were wonderful. I highly recommended Dr.Neff. You need to go to class and read the books, they are great, though.
Incredible professor. She really tries to make sure you understand the material and gives plenty of study guides/practice exams to help you prepare. My only regret with this class is that I didn't attend as much as I should have. Go to class, she actually makes it fun to attend class.
Professor Gross was a great teacher. She is very entergetic and loves what she does. Lecture are intresting. Lectures contain studies and the book covers main concepts. Exams are relativey easy if you do the study guide. Very fun. I recomond her! Based on my friends Psy professors, Professor Gross is the most clear and easiest.
This is the most interesting class that i have ever taken! Prof Jenny is so spunky even at her 8 am classes. She loves for students to ask for help when they dont understand. She is also very friendly and easy to talk to.
This teacher is amazing. It is so easy to see that she really wants her students to learn the material. She puts a lot of effort into this class and I really enjoyed it.
driscoll was a great teacher. his lectures are always clear, and he makes it easy to take notes. he does very difficult example in the notes, but it helps to udnerstand the material. online homework was a drag, but the test questions were almost identical so it helps to do them. he's always available to help his students even in the large class
Prof. Norris is an absolutely incredible teacher. He has tons of experience, is very methodical and organized, explains things clearly, and is a fantastic musician himself. He takes things slow at first, and random discussions sometimes waste class time, but things will get difficult quickly. He is always willing to help, use his office hours!
Dr. Norris does such a good job to make sure everyone is up to speed and comfortable with the material. He is very laid back and is understandable about absences. Dr. Norris makes the class very enjoyable and is willing to meet with you outside of class for extra help if needed.
Dr. Capodilupo (Cap) is the most motivating, enthusiastic professor I have ever had. He was so good after I took him for pathophys, I switched into his capstone class. These classes are definitely content heavy, so If you buckle down, he will make sure you succeed. Highly recommend him for anything!
He is SOO nice and really wants you to succeed. His class can be a little slow moving but he is a great guy and will ensure you understand the concepts and are prepared for the tests. Make sure you study the labs for tests and quizzes because some questions are pulled directly from the lab assignments. I loved this class, I would take it again!
Capodilupo is amazing! Take him if you have the chance. Do not buy the book, it'll just sit and collect dust. Do buy his note pack and add notes throughout lectures. Memorize the note pack and your additional notes and you will be just fine. Very straightforward. He is extremely passionate about what he does and he wants to see you succeed!
Great professor, very nice, will explain things if you dont understand them! I learned a lot from this class!
Dr. Burg is one of my favorite professors. She is so nice and helpful. She posts study guides for exams that cover everything that will be on the exam. Book was not necessary, but I used it to supplement the notes while studying and did well in her class! Best micro prof at GV!
Prof. Burg is an amazing teacher for microbiology. She really knows her stuff, and is very clear in lectures about what will be on exams. Only things she mentions in class are on exams. You definitely have to study for exams, but if you do, you will be fine. Really enjoyed her as a professor. Highly recommend.
This class may seem very overwhelming at first. As soon as you understand her blackboard and the things expected you will be fine. Assignments include listening to lectures, reading from text, one essay, one response, another response for extra credit and an open book/note test every week. If you do the work you will get an A.
this class is very easy and she is helpful.
Awesome teacher, learned a lot, made class fun and interesting!
Morning Self-Defense class. Loved it! He's a great guy and made the class fun.
GREAT teacher. I wish she taught all my classes
This is by far the best comp sci professor at IUP. He is hard but fair and will make you learn. I dont know how IUP acquired him but he is the kind of teacher would could be at CMU.
really cool professor and the class is very interesting...
Great Teacher. Great Man. I recommend him to anyone.
I wish I wouldve had him sooner so I couldve taken him more. Lectures are amazing and so entertaining, but you need to show up. He walks through everything step by step and makes understanding it so much easier. He is hilarious and genuinely cares about his students. GRCC is lucky to have him.
Dr. Forbes has a lot of great stories that make the material stick. Lecture was never boring.
I don't know how anybody can say he is a hard/bad teacher. The guy knows what he is talking about and enjoys his job! He makes me enjoy the class!! People who think he is hard just need to get off the couch and start studying the notes..they might then actually know what he is talking about in lecture & lab...Great teacher for sure!!!
This is a very tough class - you MUST study A LOT! Dr. Long is a fantastic teacher who really knows his stuff. He has more office hours than any professor I have ever had and is willing to work with people as much as needed. He really wants his students to succeed! If you really want to succeed in this course, show up for class!!
Wonderful, wonderful prof! Sue is very worldly and knowledgeable. Her and Fran's Honors course is a lot of work, but definitely worth it. She likes you to be involved in the class, and she has a sense of humor.
Nice prof. Very Smart, Do the Extra Credit and you will be fine
Professor Shen is my favorite Computer Science professor thus far. He is very intelligent and passionate about the subjects he teaches. His assignments are challenging and the exams are even more difficult, but if you make an honest effort and invest the time required you will get an A. Show up to lectures or you'll regret it come exams.
The first thing I notice is that Professor Shen is a hard working professor. He is smart, humorous, and he gives positive feedback. He gave me a lot of good advice about my project from last year, and I appreciate his help a lot. He also worked to promote computer networks and computer science in general to children, a plus!
Honors philosophy with Corcoran was one of my favorite classes so far at Calvin. I learned a lot and he is really good at explaining the philosophy concepts.
I loved Corcoran! my fav prof of the semester. I met with him 3 times about my paper, so very helpful and funny. A lot of reading and a tough grader but definitely worth it. He's a fan of the Simpsons and a magician...added bonuses
Dr. Conner has retired following my second semester with him, but I want to write this anyway. He is both an extraordinary professor, and an extraordinary man. His lectures are penetrating and informative, and he is a joy to talk to (about anything) outside of class. It was an honor to take the final course he taught, I learned so much.
I had Duggins for 101 and 102 and I thought he was a fantastic teacher. If you are a biology major he is the best teacher. Yes, his exams are hard but they make you know the material. It is definitely not a class to take if you just want to get by. I would recommend duggins to anyone who is serious about biology and he did a great job teaching!
The class is very hard. But you have to come to every class to pass. You really have to study your butt off and take very detailed notes. Definitely use his office hours because he is very helpful.
This class is for people who want to LEARN.
A very good and helpful teacher. I have learned a lot. Uses insightful examples.
Dr. Kirtland is amazing. I had him for Statistics and now I took him again for Calculus. My low grade is NOT because of him. I am terrible at math and if I didn't have him for Calc, I would have failed the class. He is very understanding when you're struggling and is happy to help you during his office hours. I will miss having classes with him.
Dr. Kirtland is such a great professor! You will have to put a lot of work into his class but it is manageable. He made stats very interesting and clearly explained every topic. He offers a lot of office hours and gives helpful feedback on assignments. Do all of the non-graded hw assignments, they are helpful when it comes to quizzes!
Kirtland is my favorite math teacher by far. He is funny, assigns one piece of homework per week and is available very often for extra help. Calculus is not an easy class, it is on YOU to do the work. His lectures are informative and if you put in the work outside of class, you will have no issue. He also lets students shoot the chalk into th trash
Failed stats last year and now i have an A in his class.
One of the most helpful professor's here, devotes his life to the class and genuinely cares about his students. Review sessions are crucial if you want to do well. His true false are killer, he warned us he teaches at pre-med level and held true to his word. I worked extremely hard and got a B. I changed to a Bio major from business because of him.
I couldn't stand the quizzes. They were a beast. I didn't really care for lecture either. BUt I really enjoyed talking with Todd. He loves to talk with you if you ask him. Probably one of my favorite profs here. He is great!
Ms. Spradling is the best CS professor I have taken so far. She has been out there in the job market herself, has worked in a factory, done everything you could possibly think of...she knows what it's like out there. She is the most caring and knowledgeable teacher I've had so far.
Good Teacher Learned a lot
This guys is great...he really knows his stuff. Sure, he's not the most flamboyant teacher, but what economist is? He's really helpful, and I actually find his lectures interesting. If you are looking to learn something, definately take Jelavich.
Mr. Spencer is a very good teacher. He lectures, and then you take a test. He has a good sense of humor, and he helps in any way he can.
He's is a lot of fun and he cute, the work isn't to hard and you can easly get an A with you work at it.
This guy keeps it entertaining with his sense of humor! He lays everything you have to do out for you, you just need to buckle down and do the work. Not an easy class per say, but he cares about his students and is readily available to answer questions.
great professor, may get boring, but he is really nice and cares Thanks for the
loved his class!! learned a lot, but not an easy class. if philosophy is your thing, this class is for you.
I don't know what people are talking about when they say unhelpful...she explains everything so carefully that I'm always late to my next class. Don't take this class if you don't like to work, but it's rewarding. But by far the toughest and most demanding teacher I've had, and that's what makes her good
Devon has easily become my most favorite professor at this school, and her class was spectacular. The class dynamic was fun and comfortable, and she obviously knows her stuff. I always left feeling enlightened and at peace with myself, and I know I learned a LOT about poetry. Plus, she cares profoundly about her students. Best class I've ever had.
This was one of my favorite classes at UD thus far. Devon is very knowledgable and really knows poetry. Classes were always a lot of fun and I learned so much. This class in particular we did not get grades throughout the semester, but if you hand everything in and are trying your best, you do well. Definitely take her if you have the opportunity!
I love Devon! I honestly enjoyed every class I attended, and hearing her expound and digress made my day every time. If you have any opportunity at all, I highly recommend taking her class.
Great class and professor. He made me want to be a Cog Sci major. This class is awesome for teaching exactly how perceptions work. I would recommend this class to anyone.
OK, this was an amazing class. Elzinga is a great lecturer. He cares immensely about his students and genuinely loves teaching this class. He could be making millions elsewhere, but he loves his students and even invites you to thanksgiving dinner at his house. His passion shows through in class. Take it, you will definitely learn A LOT!
Professor Elzinga is AMAZING. ECON 201 with him is exactly the must-take course everybody says it is...take it, and do yourself a favor. He is a brilliant, kind, and wonderful professor.
Although I am merely a first-year, Dr. Elzinga is far and away the best professor I have. He's articulate, funny, and has every one of his lectures down to a science. I recommend this class to everyone.
Professor Elzinga is a great guy any way you cut it. An amazing person and teacher, and his lectures are not only thought provoking, but fascinating as well. Everyone should take his class.
Elzinga is the man. If you are going to take ECON201, you should take it with Mr. Elzinga. Great lectures and very willing to helo students understand the material. He goes above and beyond for his students, for whom he cares deeply about.
I took Calc I and II with Prof Beck. She is by far the most helpful professor I've had, she really looks out for her students. She presents the material in a manner that just makes it extremely easy to understand. Weekly quizzes are alright, exams are pretty intense. Do the homework and pay attention in class.
Smart and nice. You have to keep up with the class though.
He's amazing. The class is amazing. My major is now amazing because it's PSYCHOLOGY! Truly inspired me to major in Psychology. Take this class. It's not an easy A but definitely worth it.
Best lecturer I've ever had. knows his stuff, great sense of humor, great powerpoint slides. this is the only class i look forward to. I don't think his tests were that insanely hard, i pulled A-, B+ on the first two tests without working too hard.
Willingham is the best prof I've had at school so far. He's absolutely hilarious! Plus he wrote the textbook so he knows how to teach it. The tests are ridiculously hard though, but questions are taken pretty directly from the book. Attend lectures regularly, which isnt too hard to do coz he's lots of fun in class. Overall, it's a great class!
Great lecturer...tests aren't easy, but the class is wonderful
I took this class as an elective and it because of Waldman's enthusiasm, I transferred into the A-school. He is encouraging, helpful, and downright crazy. I love the man.
He is a great professor. His anecdotes were fascinating and a his description of his cases were amazing. I was disapointed when I had to miss a class because I really enjoyed lectures. This is saying a lot considering it was at 9:30 in the morning. Take the class. You won't be disapointed!
An excellent professor and advisor. She is very personable, helpful, and extremely knowledgeable about her subject area. Grades fairly, and you do have to work in order to get an A! Readings are necessary, as is participation. I highly recommend taking her!
Makes it very easy and wants you to learn the material so he does everything in his power to make sure you understand and get a good grade. Very helpful and thorough.
The best! You will learn what you need to know about math and teaching math.
Had him for 111 and 112. He has one of the greatest personalities you will see in a professor. Great communication and cares about his students. Many people hate him because he throws questions on the test that he never taught (on purpose). The class is geared toward engineers so you have to use your knowledge to solve the unknown. 5 tests each 20%
Janke is very passionate about Geomorphology, and if it's something you are interested in he will make you love it too. If you have no interest at all in the subject don't take the class or it's going to be a hard couple of months for you. He is funny, and his field trips are fun. Don't expect him to hold your hand along the way with the labs.
The best english teacher i ever had!!! She was always there to help in and out of class. Had insiteful comments on our papers and had a true want to see her students succeed! (rare to find) Hope she's teaching junior WRT class when i take it!!
Pretty cool. This was my second time taking 105 and she was the best. She's very clear in her instructions, and she'll make you laugh. If you follow directions and listen you'll get a good grade. tests are only 40% of your grade the rest is projects.
Munson is a great teacher! Pretty easy to pass his class with an A if you just study. His tests are super-easy and the paper assignments are a cinch if you just take five minutes to talk to him about them. His door is always open and he is probably the friendliest of all the History Professors at Longwood. He is great for advice in life too!
She is a wonderful professor who is passionate about her field and also learning in general. shows a lot of picture slides, assigns quite a lot of reading, informative, fair easy grading, wants to help students get A. A few essays or creative writing.
Not only does he really care about his students but he also has a passion for what he teaches. Don't take his class if you are not ready to learn.
Prof. DeYoung is a great lab prof. Yes, he is a tidge condescending at times, but that's just how he is. He explains stuff, and makes lab (generally) a good time. The reports are graded fairly, and if you put forth the effort, you'll be sure to get a good grade in the class.
You get what you put in. Prof. Gomez is fair and clear on what he wants. Most say that he is too dificult, I would disagree with that. If you study the material and attend class you will be fine.
EDF 315 online was a very easy class. The class consisted of weekly journals, some discussion posts, and a few papers. He is a pretty slow grader, so don't expect assignments to be graded until several weeks after submitting them. But overall, definitely take this class with Professor Bair, I learned a lot from it!!
Great class and great professor. Nina is the best. Wish I could take her for every semester. Workload is very light and easy, but she is so amazing you want to do her work.
Best professor in GSP-- hands down. She is truly inspiring, the work is enjoyable, and you will learn and grow. Take Jazz Voices Jazz Lives!
Kevin Cole is a great geologist, who knows the field as well as any. He is brilliant and you can learn much from him. With that said, sometimes he has difficulty communicating the information to the student. However unless you are the type of student who is unwilling to put in work, you will do fine in the class.
He is a very intelligent man. It's almost intimidating. I am glad I had this professor. He actually makes me think.
Awesome professor! Very smart, very nice, and very awesome. You will learn a lot!
Extremely nice person. I learned a lot about different ethnicities. This class has changed my views towards other races. Your attendance is a big part of your grade. A lot of reading. Easy A.
yay she got me through orgo! she is the BEST! she makes orgo not easy but understandable at least. take her for orgo--you won't regret it! she tells you exactly what you need to know and is very organized.
she is great! you have to earn your grade, but it's worth the work!
David is a wonderful professor. He is very knowledgeable within the context of modern European history (1648 and beyond), but be prepared to get more material than may be necessary when it comes to Russia and the early Soviet Union. Your grade will be based primarily on 3 take home essays; take notes and pay attention, and you will do well.
Don't listen to any of the negative reviews! Dr. Shang is THE BEST! Not only is he super caring, but he wants you to succeed! Please take him if you get the chance! The class is not bad at all, and if you put in the effort and talk to him about the assignments, you will definitely get a good grade. 100000% recommend!
Professor Francescotti is absolutely excellent at what he does. He is incredibly knowledgable on all things philosophy. Your entire grade is based on 4 exams so study hard for them. Everything on the exams is in the study guide and as long as you took good class notes you will do well.
Class was relatively easy if you do the readings (he wrote the "textbook") & go to class. Francescotti is an absolutely AMAZING professor, he makes the class incredibly interesting and is very very funny. Him & this class actually ended up being the reason I declared Philosophy as my major. If you like thinking deeply, I highly highly recommend!!
Hard class to get an A in: must go, take notes, and read. If you DO the study guides (thoroughly) then you can EASILY get an A, you just have to have good notes. Critical thinking and logic skills necessary. Helpful, clear, and thought-provoking - I'm taking 422 with him this semester.
Very nice, very funny, and a freaking genius. you will take interest in what he is teach, even if you don't like it. lenient in HWs, but still stern. take him.
I have had Delph twice in college, and he is by far my favorite professor. His lectures are interesting and they prepare you so well for the exam. There are never any surprises on his exams, and he is very accessible and helpful. Delph is truly passionate about history.
Awesome guy, really cares about the subject matter.
Delph is the best history prof i've had at EMU by far. He is so interesting and knowledgeable on the topics. His assignments are laid out so you know exactly what to do. The 9 page research paper is hard work but extremely rewarding. you dont have to spend much money on texts. Dont miss class, you will regret it!
I put off taking this class, but I wish that I took it before all of my other history classes- it would have helped! This is a tough class, but Delph and the librarians are very helpful, and I learned a lot in this class.
Delph is a FANTASTIC teacher. He knows so much and is so energetic about his subject. Being a history major myself, I really appreciate the sincerity he carries about the material. He is upbeat, fun, and knowledgable. The material is not hard, if you pay attention. I certainly recommend this class.
I never liked history-then came Delph! Great guy! Great teacher! VERY interesting lectures. I learned a lot. I actually stayed awake in his class. Have a conversation with him, he's pretty cool.
I love Prof. Shichtman! He's a great professor, and is very knowledgeable about the Holocaust. This class was very interesting and I enjoyed taking this class. You need go to class, take good notes from lectures, and read the assigned books in order to pass. Marty is really cool and funny (don't worry- he's only funny at the appropriate times)!
I took Marty during the Winter break up at Treetops resort in ****. The best class I ever took. He is funny, serious, and knows his stuff. I recommend taking him up in ****, it's a blast.
A very fair, understanding, and helpful human being. He sincerely wants us all to do well and is more than happy to help. He is also a friendly and personable guy who understands we have lives outside of his class. I will take him again and again!
Very Boring. Helpful on papers. Tells you what you need to grade to get an A.
Great professor. I had him for 240 and 390, the colloquium on vietnam. Not always the most interesting subjects... but the lectures are always lively, and the workload is anything but strenuous. If you want to learn something in a relaxed atmosphere, take any class with Campbell.
YO Panda is the man. If you are a non-english major then you'll love Panda. I didn't learn a whole lot about writing, but he always lead thought provoking class discussions and had a fun time in class. I didn't feel like it was a waste of time like with some profs, but I also didn't feel overwhelmed by this class. Cool guy to talk to as well.
Great teacher, makes the work fun, passionate about his job, take this class!
very clear. he knows his stuff. great class discussions.
This is my 2nd time taking one of her classes and I love it. You just have to show up on exam days. If you take good notes during her online lectures, I can guarantee you an A. I really liked the material she taught so that probably also helped me get a good grade. She's really nice and funny. If you took her OCEAN100 class, this class will be easy
Her class was one of the best classes I've taken. You rarely use a textbook, but I always like to have one just in case I need it. She let us drop our lowest test score before the final, and you take a few midterms. She actually makes Geology seem really interesting. She gives you study guides for each midterm and the final.
She is an awesome professor. You would think a geology class would be boring and lame, but she makes it a breeze in lecture. The tests are book only, if you have any questions she will help you out. She is also very fun.. So.. Take her!
Great teacher, entertaining, makes the class easy. His accent is easy to understand.
Hard but fair. A lot of reading required. Follows the book until the last test. Fair grader.
hes such a nice guy and really cares about his students. there weren't a lot of assignments and everything could be finished in a day but your grade is mostly dependent on the tests. there wasn't extra credit but he gave so many free points and curved the tests. i would totally take him again!
Duke is a great professor and really cares about the subject material. The exams are also curved like crazy (even the final). It's too bad he's leaving next semester
She is fabulous, best teacher I ever had!
By far the best professor I've had yet. I've never seen him in a negative mood, he always seems so "glass is half full". He's a genius when it comes to music and his patience with his students is inspiring. His sense of humor is lighthearted and makes class fun! What an amazing man.
Manker was the greatest teacher I have had yet at CC and I have been here for a while. His class is hard, but he is super funny!
He is an excellent teacher; very helpful and approachable
I took Management 121 online with this teacher, he is very good with communicating with student, sends out e-mails almost everyday with tips, reminders and instructions for the class. He is very friendly and helpful, if you message him, If he doesn't know off hand he will respond and let you know when he will get back to you with the answer.
Seriously, how can you not like this guy. He is so nice and extremely helpful, if you hold an interest in marketing then you will do just fine. Not impossible to get an A at all and the class is an easy B. If you are like anti-marketing and think its a dumb major then, well, you might have some problems.
Good prof if you want to do nothing. Don't take if you expect to learn something
He was a GREAT professor. Anyone scared to take an SWS should take his class. All you do is read stories go to class and talk about it. You have to do 2 portfolios which he doesn't grade hard at all and the mid-term was 25 M.C. questions which took 12 minutes. Easy A and VERY interesting.
I've probably rated him before, but I'll do it again. I love this man. He's very easy-going, fun, and helpful.
This man is probably the greatest teacher I have ever had in my entire life. Period. Really helped me out with adjusting to the college life and challenged me in and outside of the classroom in multiple ways. He's a tough grader so you'll have to work hard to get an A but it's worth the extra work load.
Great teacher, keeps things interesting, always willing to listen to other viewpoints
Best teacher at Loyola. When class ended it felt like 15 mins had gone by, and every single class was worthwhile. He makes everything very easy, and if you do the readings, you'll be fine. His teaching style makes you want to learn
Doc is not only a great teacher, but a great person to know. He's got a great style that contributes to his knowledge and takes actual interest in his students. Irreplaceable!
Hands Down, Best Teacher I have had at Loyola. Great guy, funny-just a great experience
Dr. Curtiss is a brilliant mind and an even better teacher. The content is difficult, but she takes the time to give out handouts with fill in the blanks and many examples. If you go to class, you will succeed, but this class requires you to put in the effort to get the results. She can be harsh, but she wants the best for each student!!
This woman is an angel. I always looked forward to her class. I only have good things to say. She loves her students and is clearly passionate about educating and is not authoritarian like a lot of the professors I had this year. She really wants to make sure her students understand the material. She is very personable and engaging.
She is an amazing professor. Minimal graded assignments and they help boost your grade. Her exams are very fair and you get a large cheat sheet from her. Take her if your willing to go to class you will get a good grade!
keep up and you will do fine, good at explaining, speaks english
very nice, very helpful. do all your work and you'll do good. try to get her
its a boring class with a great professor. lectures are easy to follow and his reviews will guarantee a good grade.
Cornish is such a laid back and nice guy, you can tell he truly cares and at the end of the day just wants all his students to succeed. If you do all the work you'll pass the class no problem, minimal studying, minimal homework and assignments, just lots of notes.
He assigned a lot of reading, but I didn't do probably 75% of it. His lectures are the main thing to pay attention to and he provides study guides for the exams. His lectures can be rambling sometimes but overall, the class was great and I learned a lot. We had to write two papers over the semester and he was very helpful with them.
Probably the easiest class I have taken so far. You will have to dedicate a lot of time to watch productions and write papers, but it really isn't bad. If you get anything incorrect on an assignment, he will give you comments and sometimes allow you to correct and re-submit. He very passionate about his job and funny too. Definitely recommend!
His humorous anecdotes and amusing lectures made this class something special. He took a subject that people may not be interested in and made it enchanting. He is a funny and all around great guy.
Makes the class very interesting and enjoyable. Great sense of humor. Extremely helpful.
I know there are horror stories, but honestly she is a great teacher and very understanding. It's a tough class and she cares, so she doesn't want to send people into upper div mkting if you can't hang. It's not an easy A you have to work for it and you learn a lot if you. I got a C but i deserved i
if you are interested in the subject, it is an easy class
She was very helpful and made the class fun. You don't have to read much but take note you willneed them for the test.
DR. Balfour is very fair; expects plenty being graduate students but if you do your work well, you will get a good grade. As long as you make sense and can explain your point to him and make sense, you are good to go. Makes you think more criticaly
are u kidding?? CR/NC?! who are you? he is THE easiest prof i've ever had. didn't read and all you have to do is have him read your paper before you turn it in. I got an A-, maybe you deserved your bad grade and it's not his fault.
ACCT 2 - Show up, Do homework, read book and you will do fine.
Professor Cowser is an amazing professor. He truly cares about his students and their development as writers. Taking his nonfiction writing class is not like any other class you will take in college, mostly because professor Cowser makes you think about yourself in an entirely new way. If you put in the work, this class will change your life.
He is an AMAZING teacher. An inspiration.
This guy is sweet. He's tough but he cares for the success of his students. He's funny though too...I especially get a kick out of the rivalry between him and Dercsh.
He is a very good teacher. I really enjoyed the class and learned a lot. Although he does have strong opinions on politics that not everyone agrees with (like me), he still is incredibly intelligent and everyone can learn a lot from him.
Professor Sommers was the best professor I had during my first semester at UD. He is incredibly helpful and goes out of his way for his students. He advertises many different opportunities on campus and helps in the application process. Class is lively and entertaining. Grading is straightforward with different group projects mixed with exams.
I really liked Prof. Sommers' class. He's an excellent teacher, and genuinely wants each student to do well. He provided a lot of opportunities for students to get assistance outside of the scheduled lecture. If he wasn't my favorite professor in 4 years @ UD then he was definitely a close second. Absolutely take his class if you can.
Great Teacher. Do everything he tells you to do and you should be fine. B grade should not be a problem, study hard and you'll get an A.
He is wonderful! Very passionate about what he does and he makes class interesting. I definitly recomend this class.
Awesome class, you don't mind an 8 o'clock class with him
Best professor you will have at GRCC. She is dedicated, loves her work, loves students and works hard to help you succeed. She's fair and clear with assignments. It's a lot of work but she proved why we have to do the work to become better writers. I wish I could take all my English with her. Amazing person. Awesome professor.
Angela is a very fair teacher, she makes you work for your grade, but helps you learn every step of the way. She is by far my favorite teacher, I learned so much from her.
She is thourough and challenging. What I like about her is the attention to fundamentals and details. If you are looking to float by don't take this. But if you are looking for education, you've found the right prof.
he is a very good professeur,very concise,helps you in any and evry way he can.
He is a fun teacher, gives good explanation and very understanding
Peter Baker is the most laid back teacher ever. Very easy class. Usually will let you out of class early. The readings are long and boring but what you talk about in class will help you on the essays, there's 5 of them!!!
Professor Bell is vastly superior to many other professors at KU. I would recommend him for any chemistry course. He is passionate and a great guy. You always learn something new and are always intrigued. I absolutely adore and love Reggie Bell.
Take him if you have half a chance, he's fast paced, but more than glad to help you keep up.
Very helpful and thoughtful teacher. I've learned a lot from this course. She's very fair and is interested in her student's success
Best prof I've had in the math department. Actually, makes you understand the material is very helpful. Great being in his class and he does not over exhaust you with homework problems he gives you enough to be able to understand the material.
By far the best Math prof at the school. If you're not ****ed, and go to at least half your classes, you will not be disappointed. Differential equations are not an easy topic, and if you're forced to learn them, this is the right person to teach you.
He GIVES you cribs! Althought intimidating, he's a very good teacher all around.
You have to be willing to learn, but not really
Could tell he really enjoyed teaching the class. He made the class bearable. A great professor and I would recommend him to anybody. No surprises showed up on the exams.
His #1 goal is for his students to do well. Great teacher, tests are curved.
Easy class. Take her.
Hastings is the man. Go to class and participate. Very helpful, wants you to do well. Assignments are straight-forward and majority of grade. Take your time on them and it's an easy A. He has a funny voice. The kind of guy you want to do well for. My advisor so I know him very well.
Nice professor- very understanding. do your work, do it on time, and he's very reasonable in grading. oh, ps. go to class!
Great class if you need to catch an extra nap!
Dr. Doonan is a great professor and his lectures are amazing, he grades on participation so if you are a wallflower it might be time to blossom. He cares about his students and will try to help if you are struggling. Be ready to take notes, not miss class and read the online textbook.
Doonan is an awesome teacher. His lecture style is interesting, and very interactive. I'd advise you to use the book because the tests are hard! He is very helpful, and if you talk to him in office hours you can really bounce ideas and get into the subject. Overall, he's a cool guy and a great teacher.
Rise is a straightforward guy. Do what he assigns, listen to his lectures, and read or at least skim the material and you'll do fine. This class allowed for debate and Rise loves to play devils advocate. Definitely recommend him. He's a fair grader and a great teacher.
Dr. Rise is probaly one of the best professors I had this semester. He makes the class very entertaining with his sharp-witted comments. we had 2 page papers to write almost weekly, but we could chose from 5 out of 8; so if you didn't want to write one you could miss it with no penalty. readings were short and interesting. overall I recommended.
He's a very awesome guy!
Dr. Addo was a really great professor. He was very helpful and clear. He enjoys the subject and actually cares for his students. The class contains 4 projects which are well planned and challenging. There are also 2 tests, which are difficult. As long as you do well on the projects, you should be safe in the class.
Best professor that I have had in college! He gave interesting lectures, and he will help you succeed! If you don't want to learn, then maybe you will have issues with him, as he expects you to meet him half way with effort. Take him if you want the best ME professor at SDSU!
Greatest professor! She really made an impact on my life. She does not take attendance, but if you want to pass the class you should attend every class! She has many office hours options available. If you do the work you will get an A. Linguistics itself is a hard subject, your essentially learning a new language, but Dr.Samraj makes it digestible!
BEST, most helpful teacher I've ever had. Don't buy book. Go to office hours and she'll really help. Get to pick your OWN topic (seriously, anything) for all papers to write in semester. Take her!
Best Teacher ever- Take this class
Everyone criticizes Barry more than they should. His class is extremely engaging. He might try to throw in inspirational remarks here and there, but he tries to keep you interested & it works. If you do the homework & always do clickers, you will get tons of extra credit. Exams are fair. Easy to get an A if you try, even w no physics background.
GREAT PROFESSOR. CLEAR METHODS
THE BEST for acct 261. Go to class and do projects and it's an easy A. Really helpful and nice, plus some tests are open book and notes! If you have to take it, TAKE HER!!
He's such a nice teacher, very helpful and patient especially during office hours. If you make an effort and seeks for help he is going to take that into account.
Russ just is the best professor at UD. I took this class specifically to have him again and convinced my friends to take him. He loves making connections with students and legitimately loves his job, & it shows. He is charismatic and passionate about Delaware history. This class is shockingly interesting and perfect for anyone who likes US history.
Professor Russ is such a caring professor. His lectures can be a bit boring and there are no PowerPoints to take notes from, so be sure to pay a lot of attention during lectures. The exams are 4 short answer questions and one essay, but not difficult at all. He is a solid choice for HIST106 if you're looking to fulfill a breadth requirement.
Great professor. He really knows his stuff. Good amount of work but nothing overwhelming. The class is very straight forward and grading is more than fair. Easy to do well if you put the time in, no tricks.
Dr. Vician is a great guy and very helpful, all you need to do is ask. It is a MUST that you pay attention to what you read and what he says in class. He's trying to get people to open up their mind and think. He mixes stories of his life with class work to help things seem more fun. If you think you understand a chapter for a test, study it again.
He cares about his students first and foremost, and he'll remember who you are forever. His classes are always interesting and he's a really nice guy.
One of the best teachers in the department. She's open, honest, warm, and caring. If you're ever stuck/lost in an assignment, see her during office hours, and she will be more than happy to assist anyone. In 4 years of classes with her, I never saw any hint of gender bias (I'm male). Dr. Doan is the one instructor I'll never ever forget.
She's the best GVSU CJ prof. She genuinely cares about her students but expects them to act like adults. If you want an easy A class where you learn nothing and just want to coast don't take her. If you want to actually learn about what is going on in the CJ system and aren't afraid of actually putting in a little work, then there is no one better.
AWESOME LECTURER, just PAY ATTENTION and you don't even need to read the text. He's amazing. In Eng 100, the text is heavy and hard to understand, but if you take good notes in class and talk to Clark about things you don't understand, you'll do ok. BUT YOU GOTTA STUDY: seriously, it's not easy, but you can gain so much knowledge from this class.
Dr. Gaut was the best lecturer I've ever had at UCI. His own class notes are so good that you don't need to take notes, nor did I even read the text. If you study his notes you'll be fine. When he taught I got an A+ on the midterm. Just beware when they switch teachers halfway through. That's no bueno!
knows his stuff. very entertaining.
Probably the best professor I've had at Iowa State. He is very funny and outgoing. Every day he shows up with no notes and will write a couple pages worth of notes all with his chalk on the board. VERY note heavy, so you can't really skip any class and he doesn't really work with the book much at all. Don't bother buying textbook.
He slows everything down if you don't get what we are going through. He actually cares about the students and has a sense of humor.
This class isn't easy, but if you go to class and study, you will pass. Greenberg is a nice guy too, he emailed me after the semester was over just to tell me that I did great in his class, and that I should come by and chat sometime. That's a first.
Professor Grabowski is amazing. He's passionate for chemistry and if you want to really understand it / actually are interested in the topic, you should absolutely take him. If you're not interested in those things, you probably shouldn't take Ochem anyways. grabowski goes into the fundamentals and will help you become the chemist you want to be.
This class is pretty tough ngl, but its worth it in my opinion. If you are looking for an easy class just to get the credit, I would suggest looking at other professors.
Just attend the lectures and youll do fine. He goes over everything you need to know for exams and is extremely helpful. Best prof I ever had. Would take a class with him again for sure
Really nice guy. Wants everyone to do well in his class. Makes learning statistics easy to understand. Recommend him for anyone who has to take Stats
Ignore all bad posts about this teacher, if you need to learn statistics this is the professor you need. He explains everything crystal clear, and begins each lecture with a small review of the last one. Do the homeworks, go to class, and you will do very well. Take this class if at all possible
he is amazing and always willing to help you out! don't slack off! acting isn't easy and he shows you this.
all of my classes strongly depend on how much my teachers make it interesting and i absolutely loved taking py 101 with her. she is understanding of students who go to class and show they are interested. she really appreciates class participation. its just that u have to go to class and take notes. she gives easy notes and good examples.
Work hard and you will do fine in the class. She is probably one of the better teachers I have had so far in College and I'm a Junior. People that complain about her are just upset because they didn't try. My group and I had to do a presentation on Mass Media and everyone in our group did good besides one person who just named off movie titles.
Ms. Huter is a very good teacher, very nice, helpful, friendly. The class is easy, but dont miss class or you will fall behind.
I loved this class! All you need to do is go every day and take notes on what he says. Don't buy the book because you won't use it once. He only gives four exams (each worth 100 points) and one research paper (worth 40 points but you can get 20 extra credit points if you do well on it). He is really funny and knows his stuff. I highly recommend him
such a great guy. knows his stuff by heart. he is very compassionate, especially on the day of the final when i had diarreah- he let me leave and offered to let me take the final later! awesome guy!
Brenchley was an amazing teacher. You will not need a book for the class, just take good notes and you will have an easy A. True, some students will skip classes and just talk/sleep during his lectures. But, if you want an A and want a teacher who knows History, taking Brenchley is one of the smartest/easiest things a student at Snow can do!
Dr. Willet is the best American History teacher you could ask for. She's interesting, fun, engaging, and her lectures give you a brand new perspective. She's a very easy grader, and her class is ultimately a wonderful learning experience. Far and away the best history professor I've ever had. I reccommend Dr. Willet to anyone and everyone!
I love history and Dr. Bowler is my ideal history professor. He's very factual and likes details, but always keeps in mind the big picture. He knows more than you can imagine and it's very easy to keep your attention in class. If you participate and go the writing center before turning in your papers, you will get an A.
TAKE this guy! he will make history interesting. take his "Hitler and the 3rd Reich" class. very good class, we watched vidoes everyday, alot of lecture too....but its history so thats expected. he is always willing to help students GREAT GUY!
Such a kind hearted person. She is very challenging when it comes to grading, but if your willing to put in the effort you'll be ok. She is very willing to work with you and get to know you on a more personal level. She is obviously extremely knowledgeable about the material she teaches and there is a lot to gain from taking her class.
Professor Doerfler is a great guy. He is passionate about what he teaches and making sure the students understand. There are 4 tests and 4 short writing assignments about psychology current events. He has lots of experience and knowledge as well. Attendance isn't mandatory but you benefit from showing up. Very, very kind man.
I didn't really like this class. A lot of testing. I passed with a B. Dr. H is really clear with what he expects.
I took him for into to psyc and he really is a great teacher. he makes the lectures interesting, and the quizzes and tests arent real hard. attendence is not mandatory but if you're there when he takes it you get +5 to your final average :)
I took him for psych of religion and psych of sexuality. HE IS GREAT. Very easy to get along with, open minded, well versed in what he is teaching, and has a world of knowledge. I highly recommend him.
He's my favorite professor at ECU and I'm not a psych major. He did, however, influence me to make it my minor. He's a great man with a good heart who actually cares if his students pass or fail. His tests aren't easy, but the amount of extra credit he offers evens it out. Go to class and you'll be fine.
Very good teacher. Tests were not easy, but if you study they are not too bad. Very fun teacher with interesting stories to help you remember the information. Loved the class.
I had to take Hon's class at 8:05am, which i wasn't looking forward too. Hon is such a good professor thought hat within 10 minutes of our 2 hours block (twice a week i might add) i was awake alert and participating. Hes great, his essays are short, and he is really helpful and smart. He is definitely the professor to take for 220!!!
Calc two is known to ruin your love for math, and it definetly does, however, Esham did a great job teaching it. If you want to do well it is not difficult to do so. He gives plenty of opportunities asside from tests (where he pulls questions directly from the homework questions). It is time consuming and there is a lot of work involved but if you
She is very sweet. May not be a good professor, but she is very knowledgeable and it can be quite easy to get an A in the class. She is probably too forgiving on her tests, giving too many points. go to TA hours if you want a 100 on all the homework. They basically do it for you. May not learn much, easy to figure out how to get an A.
I found her difficult and frustrating at first, but she really grew on me. She's very happy, relatively funny, and a sweet person. She's a great professor and supplies lots of help: review sessions, TAs, and office hours. She also gives extra credit if you come to class on days she expects no one to come. so GO TO CLASS. She's a great professor.
He is one of the most awesome professors ever! He is super smart and very approachable. He has no problem going over your test if you go in for office hours with him. He truly loves History and that definitely shows. He also brings in cool things like replica swords and coins from Ancient Greece. I definitely recommend taking this class with him.
If you have credits to kill take him, if you don't make some space and take him. Even if you don't like history (morons) take his Ancient Greece or Ancient Rome course. I'm serious, take him, ask anyone still at the university. Do it.
She's the nicest teacher ever. As long as you do the assignments, you will be fine. She does expect you to make an effort in your writing assignments. We read and discussed Persepolis. It was an interesting class and I learned a lot. I recommend her.
He is a very good instructor. At first, many will not like him. Stay the course. Once students drop, he opens up more and becomes very helpful. Do your homework. Be there and on time. Study. His class is what you make it. By far, the best instructor I have ever had.
At first I hated this instructor-but this serves a purpose. He is the finest mathematics instructor I have ever had-cares a great deal about his students and is willing(if you meet in his office hours)to help you with any problem. By the time you are done with his course, many things will become clear.
He's a great teacher.But he is very sneaky.If a lot of students leave his class early,he will throw a lot of stuff on the test that wasn't in the book.It is a very easy class.he will try as hard as he can to get u a good grade.just make sure u go to offic
Very very helpful and clear, will go out of his way to help you when you need it
Professor Dr. Evans is a wonderful teacher, supportive, and caring of her students. I would recommend her to anyone. Put in the time, effort, and work and you will do fine. She replies to emails quickly and she is more than willing to help you. She also gives extra credit opportunities. Remember it is an upper division class :)
Great professor. Class is mainly him giving examples of problems exactly like test. He gives a lot of pop quizzes so you can't really miss class. His lectures are easy to understand and all homework is online. Tests are only 6-8 problems
The funniest professor I've ever met. Engaging, intelligent, knowledged. Hard as hell. Take him if you're a math major, otherwise avoid like the plague.
This class was really a lot of fun. I had some really cute girls in it too, so , that made it even better. There are two exams, two papers, some reports, and a presentation. If you take it with this guy, you should be alright.
Will make the class seem really hard but overall its not. A great professor and very helpful. Take him if you can you may actually learn something.
He is very sarcastic, which makes the class more interesting!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Jennifer!! She has been one of the most caring, relatable, invested professors I've ever had. This was already an emotional class alone, but speaking with her about the issues of everyday wouldn't have been the same with any other teacher at NCC! She really is a gem, a must take teacher at NCC!
She's awesome. She's involved in her class and, you can tell she loves rhetoric. She's a good professor.
I loved Professor Odle. She is so happy and passionate every single class. Attendance isn't really mandatory, but I recommend going anyway. She's a real sweetheart.
Professor Barclay is a great guy and makes the class interesting. His notes and course outline are organized, and he makes it fair to get a good grade. Three tests, which you just need to thoroughly study for and than a few online quizzes and homework assignments. If you skip, you might miss notes or worksheets.
Go to class and take good notes and will get an A. Gives exam questions ahead of time and has a review session. Interesting class and she's hilareous.
Class was awesome, I learned so much. Take notes, do the readings, study, and you can get 100%+ on the exams. If you like thinking, this class is for you. If not, why are you in college?
Best math teacher I've ever had! Was always happy to awnser questions even really easy ones. I acctually understand calculus! Seriously.
We started this class Face to Face. Attendance was mandatory. There is a quiz at the beginning of every class. 4 exams and 1 Final. If you follow his lectures and do the work you will succeed. There were a lot of negative comments about him here but I really enjoyed his class. I respect his style of teaching. I highly recommend him!
The best professor I've had. Lectures follow text, quizzes follow lecture and text, tests follow quizzes. Always available for tutoring, help, etc.
He is an awesome teacher. If you just listen to his video lectures and take notes you would easily get an A. He gives many opportunities to gain points. Just go for it.
Take one of his classes!!! My absolute favorite professor ever. You won't want to miss this class. And he shows movies for extra credit, and they're great movies that I bet you haven't even heard of. I highly highly recommend him. You will laugh out loud in this class and actually learn relevant things about the world. Very interesting man.
Take this class. If you do, you'll be able to finish weeks before your other classes, ONLY IF YOU DO ALL OF THE WORK. You NEED to do everything to ensure an A and to finish early. Make sure to to the intl. Movies and International interviews. Also, if you search the lectures on youtube, speed them up to 2x the speed and get done in half the time.
Boyer is amazing! Take his class if you get the chance!
dr. tim's intelligence is sexy. great class discussions, and he is always willing to talk with you.
I haven't felt the need to rate any other teacher but Tim, seeing as he's the best teacher I've ever had. For all you thinkers out there, I beg of you to take a class with him. You will learn so much about so many things...oh and the books you'll read..
He leads a discussion-based lecture, so make sure you are reading the book. Participation in class will help you tremendously. Make sure to do all of the work (There isn't a ton apart from the reading.). He may seem a little abrasive at first, but once you get to know him, he is one of the most caring and concerned teachers you'll ever have.
Mr.Lyon is a coo teacher. Just don't text in class because he will call you on it in front of everybody. To pass the test, all you have to do is take notes; i did not read not one time. He is very helpful and even got me a internship.
GO TO CLASS!! He tells you EXACTLY what is on the exams and what you need to know out of the book. I took it 6-9 and we got out before 8 most of the time.
Tells you only what you need to know. great prof
Kydd is an amazing professor outside of the class. Took this class online. This class in general is hard, but if you go to her office hours she will take the time to make sure you know everything for the exam and even help you with exercises! Really good prof.
Wonderful professor. She is very helpful in office hours and has clear lectures. Exercises are time consuming, but you don't have to do all of them. Exams are straightforward and similar to practice exams. The length of exams can make them difficult, though. Overall, I highly recommend taking Dr. Kydd for this class.
Colton is a good guy. Class is weighted based on two exams and homework. I recommend him. His lectures are very clear and concise. He makes sure you understand the material. Exams like the homework. Study and you'll be fine.
He is the most amazing professor I have ever met at SDSU. This class is amazing, he really cares for all of his students and really expands your views on topics going around in the world today. He's very compassionate, loving, and very insightful. I'm not an education major but I recommend everyone of all majors to take this class.
Such an amazing professor. Really cares about his students and their learning. Assignments aren't hard, but they are very eye opening. No tests!
This was the best class I have ever taken and Jesus is the most amazing preofessor I've ever had. I recommend this class to everyone. It is thought provoking, stimulating, and incredibly informative. I was sad to see that it was over. Loved it and can't recommend it enough!!
Coolest class you will ever take. Need an A take this class.
VERY GOOD PROFESSOR!!A MUST TAKE! MOST CARING PERSON I HAVE EVER MET!
Textbook required for exams. Exams based largely on lectures, so you need to go to class. Project is difficult. Grades fairly. Not too hard, but it's not an easy A. Have to work for your grade.
this has to be the best teacher ive ever had! makes the course fun, funny, always willing to help. go to his office hours and he'll give you some exam answers!! this is great :)
AHAHAHAHAHHA..LOL.. NOT MUCH ELSE TO SAY ABOUT THIS COURSE AND THE PROF.. THIS CLASS IS A JOKE...HAHAHA EASY A+... ITS MY FOURTH YEAR IN SDSU, AND ITS THE EASIEST CLASS I'VE EVER HAD !! THIS CLASS IS A MUST !! TAKE ALL CCS CLASSES FOR LOWER AND UPPER DIVISION YOU CAN TAKE WITH JACOBO.. ITS AN A FOR SURE !!!
Jacobo is AWESOME! Not only is he a great entertainer in the classroom but he also eduucates his students. If you do the reading and actually take good notes in class you will be able to maintain a B. He has the best personality to go along with his stunning looks.
jacobo is never boring, very knowledgeable, and willing to help and take crasher
Some comments are meant for Steve's son Scuba Steve, but the teacher Steve is the best teacher I've had at UD ever, and a great Dad! And Scuba, his son, is the man!
Great professor! He is very helpful, and very funny too! Every couple lectures, he quizzes students based on their homework, so if you do your homework, you'll do well on the quizzes. However, when a test comes, be prepared and make sure you mastered the material!
He is the most patient math teacher I've ever had; he would go over all of our questions before we started on new material. As long as you do the homework, you'll be fine. If anything, I might fault him for making the class too easy, but I understood everything 'til the end, so I guess it worked.
Best Math teacher I've ever had. His friendly and helpful personality makes the class go smoothly for me (even though I'm pretty bad at math). He makes math as fun as it can be with his corney remarks and jokes.
Professor Rysdahl is a great professor. Takes a subject most dont care about and brings it to the maximum of relevance. Got 3 on easiness cause of material, not him. Take him, you'll learn so much in his class.
I have taken three classes with her and love her! She is a great prof, who likes to push you and make you learn!
Absolutely amazing Professor. She makes the lectures fun and entertaining! All you have to do is read the material she assigns and you will do well on the exams. Neff keeps real and tells you like it is. I would recommend her to anyone!
THE best teacher i have taken at emu. her class is designed for students to succeed not like a lot of other class sit around a are given what's right in the book.
I love this professor. She is a bright light in the Eastern Community and I urge everyone to take her for at least one class. She is helpful kind, knowledgable and so interesting and read her books too! Fantastic!
Heather Neff will change your life! This woman knows her stuff! She will inspire you everytime you enter her class. She is very direct about what will be on her test and holds many study sessions by her SI leader and her GA. This class is the most amazing class I've had at Eastern by far. I would recommend her to anyone!
She's a really great teacher, and very understanding. She's a great professor at grand valley and would recommend her to anyone. Attendance is important if you want to pass and do all the readings. They are all on the exam.
Jenny is probably one of the easiest professors I have ever had. She basically tells you exactly what to expect on every test, and usually will give you about half of the questions with answers on the task in a powerpoint to quiz yourself on. She tries to make the lectures interesting, bust some are just boring. Would recommend her greatly.
He gives a lot of work. If you understand the material from the homeworks, passing is not a problem. However, the maple project is pain as my butt. Thoughtful test but fair! Nice and funny guy! I'd take him again.
I loved his class and I could tell that my writing has improved because of him. The classes were always interesting and entertaining. He is very intelligent and really funny. I tell everyone to take his class at least once.
One of the finest professors I've ever been fortunate to have. Taught me how to write. One of the top professors at Yale when I had him there as well. Hard but fair. Most importantly, he's brilliant. Now that I'm in Los Angeles and a screenwriter, people here refer to him all the time and with good reason, his work is extraordinary. Miss him still.
This was a tough class, but if you put in the time to studying and memorizing his course pack, you should be fine!
I really enjoyed having Professor Capodilupo. He's such a nice guy, always smiling. If you study the note pack that you buy from the bookstore you will do just fine. I bought the book but didn't crack it open once.
He is very informative and Super Cute!
She seems strict at the beginning but she's actually so nice and if you joke around with her, she will be more open and go along with your jokes. If you don't understand something she will go over it so many times and offer to help you after class. She gives out a lot of worksheets during class but you work on them in groups and it makes it fun!
Oh my Lanta. She is a great math teacher. She is really funny, and she is really easy to understand. Granted most of us remembered this stuff from high school, she made sure that we knew it, and somedays after an hour she'd say "Ive had enough for today lets be done." Really good teacher HIGHLY recommend.
Dr. Saylor is my favorite teacher that I've had at Delaware so far. This class really got me interested in nutrition and on top of that he is such a good guy. This class isn't bad, come to class and take notes, you'll do well. Also, if you can take his winter session class it was really fun and interesting. Saylor's the best.
Mr. Wright is the best teacher I have ever had so far at this college. Not only hillarious and sweet but cute too. Taking Mr.Wright is a must for anyone you wants an excellent Psy1a teacher. Also for anyone who wants to learn.
I love Dr. Edwards! She is very knowledgeable and if you do all the homework and labs you will learn lot in this class. I went to office hours weekly and this helped me tremendously. This is not an easy class but it is rewarding and I would definitely take it with her!
I've had him for just about every class he teaches, and I think he is way too easy. If you can't pass a Forbes class, either you don't show up, you never study, or you'll NEVER understand anything in science.
Memorable, intriguing, brilliant, makes learning fun, best prof I ever had.
Awesome teacher- cares about students, more than willing to help, just ask!
Honors Eurociv was amazing. Swartzlander is definitely challenging, but you would be remised no to take this class. It's a lot of work, but at the end it's such a great feeling of accomplishment and challenge. Don't think twice, take her she's great.
Fantastic professor! He really will help you to understand the accounting and cares if you do well. The multiple choice on his tests are a little difficult, but the problems are just like the ones done in class. If you ask him questions during a test he'll help a LOT!
Professor Corcoran is the best! He is passionate about his teaching, and even though his lectures are long, I looked forward to them every week! He expects you to read the material and write a response paper each week. He is hilarious and incorporates lots of class discussion into his lectures. I highly recommend his class!
I loved her lectures but you really have to work for a good grade. If you miss her lectures you won't do well on her tests. Class is out of only 250 points so it's hard to keep your grade up. Don't take her if you're not willing to put in the work.
I loved this professor! Def. my favorite this semester! Her lectures are actually enjoyable. She's hilarious and gives great examples for concepts we are learning. Her tests are kind of hard but if you go to class you will be able to do well since she gives such good examples that are similar to the test. I would take this professor if you can!
Don't even buy the textbook if you are going to go to class and take good notes. She tells you everything you need to know. Her tests are sometimes hard but if you think through them and study, it'll be fine. I had her for a 6-9 once a week class and she was hilarious and made the time fly by. I would love to take her again!!
I would say she is probably my favorite and best teacher at Grand Valley. She is very clear in her lectures. They are structed and interesting. Her tests are somewhat difficult but when you get an A you feel like a genuis and as long as you study you should be fine. I got a lot out of this class and would recommend her to anyone.
Dr. Simons is a great professor. The class is mostly group-work so make sure that you get into a GREAT group. His projects are a little over the top but he is willing to help if you need it. Make sure to always ask questions and UNDERSTAND the units. His exams are long and on the computer. Study + HW = A.
Best teacher at UD, pay attention, and try to do well, and you will...
Not a class for lazy slackers. If you want to be a bio major, you'll know your stuff perfectly after his class. Worth the effort, not a hard class if you actually go. Tests are picky, but studying the material and asking questions helps. Easy material
Very hard prof but you learn tons. She is very willing to help you and really explains the assignments. Though, her classes are pretty repetitive and the daily assignments get really annoying but overall, a really good prof.
AWESOME teacher. best i've ever had...he's not going to be around for much longer, so if you're thinking of taking his class, GET TO IT!
the man is absolutley brilliant, funny and will do anything to help you out. his tests are hard, but so is the material. as long as you try...and study.. youll do fine. hes an amazing teacher!
I've taken both 185 and 186 with this man and have loved both classes. If you have to take inorganic chem he is who you want. His exam are pretty easy if you know the material and he is always willing to answer any questions you have. I made high A's in both courses.
He is a good teacher, and explains it well. The course material is difficult and complex, and the tests are somewhat hard. You have to be able to understand the material. The old tests great help and are on ecompanion. A lot of people do bad in the course, but that's just b/c they don't study.
Spencer is awesome! You can tell he really knows his stuff. Attendence is not mandatory, however his tests cover his lectures. If you miss, read the book. Also, going to the SI helps a lot. His tests can be difficult. Overall, Dr. Spencer is an amazing professor. I hope I can take another of his classes!
You want this man for RIT!!! Trust me. He explains things well and is very helpful in and out of class. Makes learning some pretty dull material halfway interesting. Also, has very reasonable expectations as far as workload (AKA easy).
Warners is a great professor! His lectures are always informative and interesting, though his grading can be a bit harsh at times. 10/10 would recommend!
unbias towards all students, willing to help no matter what
Few exams (relatively easy if you study), daily homework (very easy), great guy who's always willing to help. Definitely knows his stuff & I highly recommend him.
Pam is a great professor. She really helps you understand everything and let you redo all homework and quizzes, giving you a second chance. We do have a daily prep worksheet for every class, but they never take up too much time. She is great and I highly recommend her!
Cares about students and will help you if you need it. Highly Recomend
She is very helpful. Go to class. Her notes are very clear and full of examples. She has 4 projects a semester, and you have a chance to earn extra credit. The projects were easy to complete and followed the book. Read the book. It is easy to understand and full of examples.
DMD is a fantastic professor! She not only encourages you to do your best, she expects it. Even if you don't like poetry or don't know anything about it, you will learn to love and appreciate it with her as a professor. She is so entertaining and really creates a fun and close-knit class. Definitely take her if you have the opportunity!
Devon is one of the most intelligent people I've ever encountered in my so far short-lived college career. She's incredibly knowledgeable and very perceptive of subtleties that you didn't know were there in poems. It's fun to watch her beat down anybody who disagrees with her on certain issues, especially God-related or feminism-related ones.
I took introductory economics with Elzinga in 1975. He is one of the 5 best teachers (kindergarten through law school) whose class I've had the pleasure of taking. He lectured on antitrust at a CLE program I attended four years ago. Still superb!
Absolutely wonderful! His lectures are always entertaining and give you valuable information that everybody should know. Mr. Elzinga genuinely cares about his students and is more than willing to help you outside of class. His tests aren't that bad, but watch out for his final!
Very intertaining, good overall guy. You don't need to read the book if you take good notes at the lectures.
Prof. Brunjes is one of the best (if not the) lecturer's in the psyc department. His classes are consistently clear, despite the difficult subject matter, and often funny. Really hammer the book and take the sample tests and the actual tests should be easy. Best 200-level psyc course - no doubt!
Probably ... the best professor at UVA!!
She is a great professor, better than the ones I've had so far. She can EXPLAIN and is very patient. Her tests are very difficult, but it is possible to get an A! Pay attention or she'll call on you! Unless you've taken BC, study hard until you KNOW exactly what you're doing.
best math professor that I have had at UVA
Amazing Professor! Really teaches you things you NEED to know! I became Queen of Recognizing Comma Splices after her course! I really love Dr. Keaney aka Winnie. She is just an amazing woman. If you have trouble and are falling behind, GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS and ask her for feedback! She is very caring.
Dr Keaney is an extremely thorough and patient prof. She's definitely one of the best at Mason. Her class was a bit difficult but at the end I did not regret sticking out the semester. I use her corrections to this way & it has improved my grammar/writing a whole lot!
Go to class, read the book, and you should really enjoy the class. Don't wait until the last minute to do readings though because they will take forever to do all at once.
Take this class. I don't care if you're a commerce major or philosophy major. Don't graduate without taking this course. The lectures are amazing.
Simply put, Michael Levenson is the greatest professor I have ever had. I've taken multiple classes with him & he is my advisor--not only is he the best lecturer on the face of the earth, he is an incredibly engaging and compassionate human being.
Easily one of my favorite courses. The tests aren't too difficult if you attend lecture and pay attention. I can't say enough glowing things about Emery. He's a brilliant professor, and his lectures are absolutely fascinating.
Take any upper level Latin with Prof. Dillery. He's great.
Coffey is a good guy, he wants you to do well. If you show up to class and put in just a bit of effort, it goes a long way. He knows a LOT about teaching and education. Even though the course is boring, that's not his fault.
I had Dr. Burmeister way back in the 80s and he was great - one of the most personable profs I had at UD, the best in any Sci class. Tough but fair and willing to take extra time to help. If you can get a C in his class, you've actually learned something. I actually liked his side anecdotes, which broke up the barrage of chemistry information.
Professor Ross is the best professor I've had at USC. I'm in graduate school now and still feel that way. Yes, you have to study for her classes, but school is for learning. :p She does a fantastic job making Latin easy to learn.
Lark is one of my favorite professors that I have had. He is likely the smartest person I have taken a class from and he is good at explaining things. Assignments were designed to make sure that you knew and understood the material rather than make you fail. Also go to office hours! Enjoyable to talk to and has lots of cool stories.
Professor Mulally was extremely helpful when it came to having an issue outside of class. Strict about attendance but if you go to class and meet deadlines you should pass the class no problem.
Professor Mulally is wonderful. She's very helpful and truly wants you to succeed as a writer. She gives you all the tools you need and is always willing to give you feedback. You get out what you put in in this class.
My favorite teacher, even if the class is a little like highschool, she is a very good teacher!! I really liked the class and she was very helpful and gave us plenty of time to get our papers done! she is awesome!!
All of the raters who are knocking him clearly aren't in college to really put an effort into their studies (English majors). He is brillant and HELPFUL if you put an effort into his class. Go to his office hours, and he'll explain things as much as necessary. He does care about his students.
Greek is hard!, but she is very helpful, only wants the best for her students!
He's a great guy, and knows how to explain everything very well. However, he gave very difficult homework. Expect to spend a lot of time and get very frustrated on the homework.
I loved this class
I took financial simulation with him and it was my favorite class at gw by far. This class is different. If you're thinking about taking it, I would ask yourself if you really care of financial history. If you do, this is *great* course for you. If not, you will learn little to nothing. It sounds ironic as a finance major but its the truth.
Sander is a great guy. He loves his students and likes to get to know them on a personal level. sometimes he rattles on about nothing and misunderstands what his students are trying to say. he's always willing to listen though.
I loved Professor Mohun! She really cares about her students are worries if you are not doing well. I was going through some issues and professor Mohun completely understood. She is a very compassionate person and teaches an interesting class.
she's great. very friendly, always willing to go into more detail and explain, concerned about how everyone is doind in the class. I would recommend her any day!
The most caring professor i have ever had. Deadlines are not set in stone, I turned in a paper a month late and still got full credit. Weekly 300 word journals, I think like 4 papers throughout the semester, the final exam is just a paper. take him if you can.
First of all, Professor Bair is such a nice guy, and I enjoyed his class. This is a different type of class in that it is completely discussion based and there are no tests. The class is either extremely interesting or completely boring. This class is fairly easy, if you do the work, you will get an A for sure. Take LIB 100 with Bair!
Honestly, he's very sweet. Take him if you can, you won't regret it. He challenges you, but that should be expected; it's a college course.
Best writing professor!! She makes the class fun and entertaining. She can be a bit disorganized but as long as you participate and read you'll be fine!
PROFESSOR NINA IS THE BEST WRITING TEACHER !! I love her so much! She is such a nice lady, caring and very sweet. This class is not hard, quite easy! She is very interresting, the class is very dynamique and she is the BEST. Her class is closed next semester for writting 2, otherwise I would have taken her again without any hesitation. TAKE HER!!
Great Professor. Gives detailed note outlines, and tests directly out of them. He does have a lot of extra reading that you have to copy yourself from the library, but if you read them and study hard you will get an A. Exams are easy, but you must know your stuff to get finished on time.
AWESOME CLASS, AWESOME PROFESSOR,nuff said! Bolger is an awesome dude, he has tons of real life experience! I recommend Professor Bolger 150% Attendance is mandatory but he will work with you if you need to be gone, he realizes that we are adults. Easy exams, and executive briefings, and a group presentation. Georgia is the best!!!
Best professor I have ever had at Grand Valley. Loved her. Came into the class and immediately felt her passion, which instantly rubbed off on me. She made me want to change the world. Take her if you can! You will not regret it.
She is the best prof! Very helpful and extremely knowledgeable about all topics! Wonderful woman, very kind and always willing to have students make class decisions. Definitely take her!
fun & easy class, great professor. take in the summer if you can.
AWSOME, AWSOME, AWSOME, she is always willing to help, friendly, funny, and easy. i had three classes with her and would gladly take her agian
Diane was a great prof, very nice and easy to get along with. She loves this subject which shows in her teaching. The class is NOT easy and you must do the reading, the quizzes are off the reading and lecture. She is very helpful but expects you to read and WILL ask questions in class. I would take her again in a minute. Attractive women i thought
Awesome prof. She is fun in class and is always willing to clarify and explain more if you ask. The class isn't a walk in the park--you need to work, but if you put forth effort she will recognize it and reward you.
Easiest class ever and teacher is very willing to help. Super nice guy. Highly recommended. Very laid back and fun.
He's a good teacher, and a funny guy. His tests are easy as cake too.
Dr. Witucki did amazing adjusting to COVID related issues. Her class is challenging, but if you put in the work you'll do fine.
The class was extremely easy. She was always so energetic and into the class, but honestly the content was kind of boring. She is very accessible, and the assignments are a breeze
Dr. Giardina is a great professor and really knows her information. Her lectures are straight forward and as long as you take the notes on them, you will pass the quizzes (3-4) and tests (Midterm and Final). Highly recommend!
Dr. G was and is the most genuine professor I've had. She teaches you exactly what you need to know for things you'll be graded on and as long as you're there you'll do fine. Dr. G is very willing to help and accommodate to her students' needs whether it's in the classroom, in the major, or with anything else.
Professor Shapin is a very nice lady. She is understanding and very good at responses. Her class was extremely easy. She is very passionate about her topics. No exams, only papers, in which she will pre read before you turn them in. Many ways for extra credit as well.
Dr. Shapiro is awesome! This class is low on writing for an SWS course. She does assign essays, but they are shot and she gives you a lot of guidance as to what she is looking for. No tests! Only 1 group project, which has very minimal work and only a 5 minute presentation for the entire group at the end. Overall, very easy and enjoyable class!!!
Best hisory teacher Ive ever had. Highly recommend her. She makes the class even more interesting by comparing the past and present and using primary documents. Very helpful, she wants you to do well and is also understanding but fair. I would take her again but I am transfering.
Wow..a lot of negativity about her! I liked her a lot, she was one of the easiest profs. I had, just ask her for help and she'll help you. She helped us a lot of our SPSS assignments and made sure that we understood what we needed to know before the tests. I don't what who says what, TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!
Really an awesome person and scholar. Hilarious and engaging, Shearer is one of the absolute best professors I have had at UD. His readings are guidelines, and your grade is entirely derived from three papers, typically 10 pages in length. Fantastic teacher and person.
Francescotti is hands down one of the top 3 professors in the department. His lectures are clear and lucid as are his expectations of his students. His lectures are never dull, and his random cursing outbursts make the class so much more enjoyable. The class isn't hard if you literally take notes--preferably on computer--on everything he says.
Take this teacher, never be bored in class! Explains very well. 3 tests, all essay questions, but if you write down what he says, you will have no problem getting an A in the class like I did. SOOOO easy to understand, just make sure you GO TO CLASS!
As an undergrad I took 4 of his classes and was very happy with his clarity, fairness, and style. One of the highlights of my SDSU experience.
Delph is a freaking sweet prof. He really knows his**** and it shows. He integrates a lot of very useful info into the lecture and reading. it helps solidify the material. If you want to actually get something about the class then this is the guy. He's not going to let you slack off and he WON'T hold your hand. This won't be an easy A.
Really loves the subject. Cares about students. Lectures are awesome and go by too quickly. Makes you want to come to class. Best history professor I've had.
I took his on-line class, there was a lot of reading to do. Other than that one discussion question a week and a half page essay. Gave extra credit before exams and then you can do two book reports for extra credit. If you do the work it's pretty easy, and you can always fall back on the extra credit.
I learned so much in this class. He teaches from a sociological point of view and it frames cj issues in a totally different light. Lots of work, but he is very generous in grading. Just a nice guy all around!
Smart, this guy is literally one of the world's leading authorities on white collar crime. I used to do research in the library and stumble across thick ass compendiums laden with his articles and theories. He's a good guy too.
I absolutely love Professor Wong. She is without a doubt a tough grader though, you have to work hard for good grades. The class itself is simple, just complete the annotations, but effort into them and participate. Don't slack off and you will be fine.
Dr A is easily one of my favorite professors. You learn a lot in her class and she also keeps it fun and engaging. If you pay attention and take notes, the exams are easy. There's like 3 homework assignments where you read articles and answer questions. It is graded on completion and always reviewed in class.
Dr. Lessoff is great, he truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed. His lectures are not the best and he can get off topic or be confusing at times. I feel like he knows so much that he has a difficult time simplifying the material. I would not suggest this class for a non-major. If you are willing to ask for help he will help.
Prof. Lotz was one of my favorite professors. She really helps you do well in her class and truly makes you a better writer. I would highly recommend taking her.
Montagna is amazing! I took him online so I probably didn't learn as much but he was so nice and helpful. The class is pretty easy as long as you read and do the quizzes and papers. but if you don't know the material, good luck. You have to read 3 books and have to write 3 big papers. There's a few timed exams and quizzes but nothing too bad.
Doug is a great guy and he genuinely enjoys having class with us. He is not looking to hurt your GPA, he grades with the assumption that you are a capable student. Also participation helps your grade but cannot hurt it, which I like. The books are fairly straight-forward, taking notes in class is very helpful if you don't want to read.
Great class. He takes two books with opposing views and allows the student to build their own opinion. No quizzes, two tests straight from the books, two short papers (3-5) and a final. No lame projects or busy work. Class is open forum. Probably one of the best professors in the history department.
Best english teacher I have ever had. Assigned readings are reasonable. Very helpful during class discussion. Helps you understand readings. Grades essays in a fair manner. Take as many of his classes as you can.
Ken's an awesome prof. He's very passionate ab English and he's a cool guy. Took him at nite and he lets out early pretty frequently. You have to go to class and take notes and you'll do fine. I didn't get the book until the week of midterms and I gotta B. He goes over everything that will be on his
Professor Tefera is brilliant and caring. If you do not miss class and put sufficient effort and work for Webwork and tests, you would be fine. I learnt a lot of algebra concepts and skills in this course. The professor is caring and I went to his office hrs frequently, he is helpful, friendly!
Professor Galbraith is a very intelligent, well read person. She's a very helpful and approachable professor, and I'd definitely recommend her.
I love you Prof. Galbraith! I recommend her to anyone, for any class. She is such a good teacher, and you can tell that she really enjoys her job. She will do everything possible to help you succeed!
John is a really smart and genuine professor. He's not too tough on his students, just be sure to communicate if you have to miss a lecture. 221 was a really fun class overall and you will learn a lot if you stay engaged!
Constantelos was extremely proficient in his field and knows what he is talking about. A lot of people complain about this course being too hard for a 100 level course but if you put in the work it is not hard to succeed. As long as you attend class, PAY ATTENTION, take copious notes, and do the readings you will be fine. Cool, funny guy too.
this guy is way legit. he's prolly the best prof ive ever had at GV. He's makes it easy and fun to learn (as wrong as that sounds)...you all should TOTALLY take him! he also cares abou8t how well you do, and wants you to do well in the class....exams arent bad if you just go to class
A very good teacher, knows his stuff. Take notes and keep up with the reading
Easy going class, with a lot of slides. Watch out for the projects theyll getcha
good class to take for science + lab requirement. JUST GO TO CLASS AND TAKE NOTES!!! she gives out test answers in class so make sure to take note of that. also make friends in class incase you are unable to make it a day. for the lab there are practicals you can't miss so be aware of that!
Great instructor, a little difficult because it is a lot of material but as long as you attend each lecture and take good notes you will pass. Drops your lowest test grade which is very helpful. Her study guides are great as well. She is also very funny. The only assignments are 4 quizzes and 4 exams so it is very test heavy. There is no homework
Great teacher and pretty funny. If you use the study guide she supplies to you then you'll be fine. She will call you out if you're on your phone or sleeping. Good and interesting class too.
She is a great professor, very passionate and funny. I looked forward to her lectures. She does make you work for your grade and definitely take good notes in class. No extra credit offered but overall a great class.
She is hilarious. The best professor I've had at SDSU so far. There are clicker points so you can't skip class. She makes the material very simple and easy to follow. Pay attention in class and you will easily get a B+ or better on the tests. No homework, quizzes online are kind of hard but you can always look up the answers if you need to.
She is super interested in the subject, which makes the class more interested. I took this online, so she recorded lectures and put them on Blackboard to listen to. I didn't touch the book. If you just listen and take good notes on the lecture, you'll get a good grade. Minimum studying required.
Loved her class! Great teacher, very passionate about the subject, it radiates through her teaching. Go to class for clicker points, take good notes because that's what her tests are based off of. If you need help, ASK, she will not hesitate to help you. Class consisted of 3 exams, 1 final and 4 quizzes. She will drop your lowest exam.
Great class. She is very clear and always makes sure you understand the material. Drops the lowest test, and paper is really easy. Take this class for science GE. Plus she is hot too, so it makes going to class even easier.
Just go to class! don't even need the book. her lectures are perfect and easy. she's cool too, easy going.
great teacher who has alot of enthusiasm for the subject. don't need to buy the book, tests are straight from lecture so go to class everyday! very helpful and makes class fun.
This was a fun class. She's a really good professor, she makes the class interesting and really wants you to understand everything she teaches.
She is the best teacher I've ever had!I showed up at 10 for an 8 o'clock final and she sat with me in her office till I finished, very helpful, NEVER MISS CLASS, she takes attendance sometimes, no need to buy the book, exams 100% from the notes.
this class is not hard. just go to class, take notes, pay attention, tests are straight from lecture, she's funny as hell, very interesting, and the material overall is interesting.
My favorite prof!! He's so funny, and he makes sure you understand everything. He makes class fun and everything relatable so that you learn it better. I would recommend him!
Great professor. Hot!
I took STAT200 during winter session and he made the layout so easy to understand and gave ample time to complete assignments. He is willing to work with you and provides extensions when necessary. Overall a great prof and I would not take this class with anyone else
Really nice teacher- online class is super easy. He gives you all the resources you need to do well in the class. Definitely recommend for online stat 200!
Professor Duke is the best professor I have had so far. He genuinely does care about his students, but it is a huge lecture typically, so use his office hours and he will really help you out. Tests are the exact problem sets (conceptually) so if you do them youll be fine (also a HUGE curve). Attendance isnt mandatory but definitely helps.
amazing teacher...approachable.......understandable......willing to help
Definitely the BEST prof. I've had at GV so far. I'm planning to take LIB 314 with her as well. She is everything that makes up a wonderful instructor. Take a class with Christine!
Chris is soooooo nice and helpful. Shes very understanding and always willing to help. He grading is fairly easy and the final is easy. Highly recommended for LIB, she makes the class fun and interesting.
Best professor I've had so far! Chris is a wonderful teacher. She is smart, funny, and gets along well with all the students. She was never in a bad mood and I always enjoyed being in her class. Class is moderately difficult, with readings, a paper, and co-curriculars to attend. If you take LIB 100, take professor Drewel!! :)
Sipka is the best guy you'll ever meet. He is very thorough in his explanations, not to mention how funny he is. He also enjoys recieving phone calls at home since no one ever calls him. So if you have a math question, feel free to call.
One of the most knowledgable, fair, open-minded, enjoyable members of the Business Dept. faculty. You'll learn a lot, but you'll work for it. I don't know anyone who dislikes this guy! Thanks for the incredible letter of recommendation.
He shows a genuine interest in helping students improve their writing. His lectures were clear and he was always very helpful. His grading system is also pretty stress-free. If you are interested in improving your writing, he is the professor to take.
Scott is such an amazing professor! He is the best looking professor at the college. He definitely knows his stuff, cares about the students, and he is super understanding! Take as many of his classes as you can because he is amazing!
Best teacher I've ever had, without question. People wine about the tests being hard, but if you actually read the book and study a little before hand they're not that bad. I got an A in this class and I did less actual work than in all my other classes.
TAKE PROFESSOR CURTISS. The content is hard, but she is an incredible teacher. She is very educated and very passionate about what she is teaching, if it wasn't for her I wouldn't have passed this class. There is a few exams, but just make sure you attend class and you'll be just fine, she also offers lots of extra credit if you fall behind.
Professor Zelikow is one of my favorite professors at UVA. His lectures are amazing. Only two take-home exams. As professor Zelikow puts it: it's an easy class.
He is so sweet and cares so much about all of his students! If you do the work you'll most likely get an A. Highly reccomend.
BEST PROFESSOR EVER!!! Easy A class of you take him. He gives you the questions on tests before hand and doesn't let you leave without knowing all the answers. Just study and get an A on the test. Super funny in class with examples. Even if you are not "into" theater you will not dread this class. He even posts lecture notes on BB if you missed!
Tom is awesome. Very down to Earth and great sense of humor. He wants you to do well in the class. Gives you all tests and papers way ahead of time!
Easily one of my favorite professors at State. Very easy to communicate with and clearly passionate about teaching. His class is hard, but he is very fair with his grading and what he allows students to do on tests and in class.
Very good teacher. Would take him again.
Krentler was great. She is so happy to be teaching, it is really refreshing to see such an enthusiastic professor. Class is not too hard so I don't know what the person below me is taking about. YES, studying will get you a good grade, you can't cram the night before. Seriously one of the top 3 professors I've had. Love her.
4 tests that makes up most of your grade, lowest one gets dropped. 4 easy homework assignments for the whole semester. You have to study for the tests, but the material isn't difficult. Go to class and take good notes and you should be fine. Not a stressful class at all
Professor Chung is an amazing professor! I wasn't very interested in the subject going into the class but she makes it very interesting. She is also very knowledgeable on the topic. Everything you need to know for the exams will be said in class. She speaks fast so you really need to pay attention. I would recommend bringing a recorder.
Dude, awesome. Hands down one of the most useful classes I've taken so far. Very nice lady. EASY class. Just show up and learn and you should have NO problems doing well, unless your like me and bomb the final. TAKE HER!
One of the best at State! Listens to student feedback and teaches material in an interesting way. Get a good group for your project and try to be creative and include new information. She hands out candy to the best group! Print lectures and bring with u
Mr. Ivey is the BEST! If you fail this class you never had interest in accounting. I HIGHLY recommend him
Online Course. One of the best teachers at BC! So helpful and responded to emails quickly whenever I had questions and never left me hanging asking, "now what?" Doing the tax forms at the end was a little hard, but the payroll part was easy, especially if you're familiar with the software. Highly recommended! :)
Loved my class with Cowser. Took eng243 with him and learned a lot. Don't take his course unless you love to write, because theres a lot of writing and he expects a lot. Really makes you think and complete a lot of drafts which leads to better writing.
Professor Brockmann is a great teacher! He taught me how to look at classical literature in a different way. And, the journals and papers we wrote really improved my critical thinking and writing skills. He loves creatvity!!! Be creative and think outside the box in class and on your assignments!The classroom atmosphere is really relaxed and fun!
One of my fav professors in ENGL dept. TAKE HIM!
Johnson will make you laugh and teach you in ways that you've never thought of before. This class is difficult to keep on top of; I would reccommend taking him when you are serious. If you do all of the homework, you'll more than pass. He gives extremely good study guides and causes great study habits. Take him if you want to learn.
The most brilliant and experienced professor I've met yet at CC. If you listen to and think about what Dr, Heredia says, you won't regret it.
Professor Sommers taught my BUAD110 class, and it was a class that I looked forward to going to every single day. His sense of humor and his knowledge in business and finance made him a well rounded professor. He held reasonable office hours and was always available when needed. He is also very understanding. Take him if you can!!
Sommers is awesome! I never thought I would survive this class, finance was so intimidating to me. If you do the HW probs, go to the review sessions, ask any and all questions you have you will be absolutely fine!
His multiple choice can be tough, but he's an awesome teacher and probably one of the smartest at the school. He respects the fact that you take more than just his class, and he's an understanding person. His class isn't a freebie, but if you go and put forth any kind of effort you will learn a good deal. Not enough good things to say. Got a B.
Hilary is one of the kindest, funniest, most engaging, professors I've had. Film theory and some of the philosophies we've read about are very densely packed and difficult to understand, but she works really hard to make sure the concepts flow with you. She wants you to know the material, and she makes learning it enjoyable! Readings are long tho!
She is very passionate about the material and that keeps it interesting for me
Very good teacher. You learn so much in her class. She is very picky about cheating, talking, leaving class, etc. which can get distracting and annoying. She is a very good professor and an extremely nice person. Her exams are definitely tough and long. The study guide book is a huge help! Hard, but very much recommended.
She made class interesting. She tells you what will be on the test, so if you read your chapters, you will be fine.
If you don't take Bell for one class while you are at Kettering, you are a fool.
The best instructor I have ever had. GR Bell is the man! You learn more in his chem class than in any other chem class, but you don't even know you learned it. He makes his class fun and if you get him you just pay attention, ask questions, try on the exams, and you get an A. I want to take his class over again just for fun.
super nice guy, knows his stuff
easy class. she takes attendence which counts toward your grade. just do the readings and you will be fine. no final exam
Awesome professor, an absolute genius. If you can get a class with him, take it. Class isn't altogether hard if you study and stick with the notes. His cribs are your best friend. Awesome guy.
Best math profesor I have ever had. Not an easy teacher, but is very smart and knows how to teach. All ME's should take him because you will learn and get a fairly good grade. Very good cribs!!
I really enjoyed having Dr. Matt as my professor. He made my 7 week summer course fly by. He is extremely funny, and he really has a passion for what he teaches. He makes A&P very interesting. I did not really get a lot out of his lectures, however, if you put in the time outside of class and actually read the textbook, you will do just fine.
Excellent teacher, the best I've ever had. Great sense of humor, really knows/enjoys what he teaches. Class is not easy, but he makes learning fun and interesting. I was never good at science, but after taking his class I plan on getting a degree in science after I finish the degree I'm getting now.
Show up to class and to all conferences and there is no way anyone should get lower than a B in this class. He tells you what to fix in your paper. Make the changes and you'll be fine.
Take him if you can! Tried to make a boring class fun!
Best Prof ever! Tke her if you can!
Bonvillian is a great professor! He can be hilarious at times and he is just really enthusiastic all in all. And yea if you study old tests you will do great!
Goode is the man, he knows his stuff and you will too, take him at any cost
Awesome teacher! I'm so happy I got to be in his class.
Easiest class I've taken at UD so far. Kaplan is by far the most laidback prof I've ever met on this campus. He's more interested in showing you that reading/writing doesn't have to be a chore than anything else. So long as you show some effort and/or improvement, you'll get an A.
BK is the best teacher I've had in my entire life. I actually learn in his classes but it doesn't feel at all hard or stressful because he's such a nice guy. Very cool, very sincere.
Very funny, extraordinarily nice and helpful. by far the best class i've taken
If you are a good student, try hard, and come prepared you will get a good grade. He is a very caring professor who is willing to give students supplies and great advice. Has a weird sense of humor and wants to show you his way to interpret art. And that is a good thing, don't come in stubborn and wanting to do exactly what you want when you want.
Professor Cannon is the best prof at GV, he saved my life.
He is very understanding and willing to teach those who care.
very willing to work with you, just show effort and you will get a decent grade
Great Professor, students try to argue with him because they don't agree with what he teaches and it is annoying. He is kind and considerate, one of GVSU's BEST.
Nice guy and good prof. I'm a business major, so a lot of the material greatly contradicted what I have been taught. Even so, as long as you explain your viewpoints, you will do good.
HE is an awesome teacher! He made me actually like sociology! He really cares for his students. Take him! You won't be sorry!
Very good teacher!!
TONS of chances for extra credit in this class. Also tons of reading but quizzes and exams are all on the reading and are pretty straightforward. His expectations are clear from the beginning of the class. He is quite funny and makes class enjoyable. Sometimes concepts can get boring or quite mundane but his personality makes class fun.
He is a great professor and I loved how this class was set up. Lecture on Tuesdays and labs on Thursdays. The lectures are interesting and they connect to the labs. Quizzes are easy with unlimited attempts. I would for sure take him again.
By far one of my all time favorite profs. He is totally absent minded but brilliant. Entertaining, interesting, and easy going, I will take ANY class that he teaches!
Professor McKenzie is HILARIOUS! He makes all these funny faces when he can't think of what to say next. Not to mention that the class is super easy; open-book exams, extra credit quizzes. If you have to take Constitutional Law, take him.
Dr. Mckenzie is a great prof. He gives you every reason to pass but you must work for it. Lots of extra credit so lower test scores wont kill you... lots of in class work... great guy really nice, funny to... he is a great prof...
Norma is the best professor out there. She is patient, understanding, kind, considerate, and great at her job. She has a passion for teaching that is contagious. She makes you want to run out of her classroom and go teach a class right away. Truly inspirational. Take her if you can!
Norma is an amazing professor. She cares about all of her students and her main goal is to teach you what it means to be a teacher. The homework is easy and she is very understanding if you forget an assignment or something. If you can, take her class! I cant say enough good about her.
Norma is a great professor! She understands her students and takes the time to get to know you. The work is very easy and spaced out. She definately tells you what you need to know to be a teacher!
Norma is by far the best professor at Central. If you're interested in Middle Level education, go talk to her. She has such a ridiculous amount of knowledge on adolescents and wants to make you the best teacher possible. Also, if you want a classroom full of close friends, sign an MLE minor.
I loved this class. It helps if you're not sure if you want to teach or not. She's very enthusiastic, especially having the class at 8am. The work is easy, yet thought provoking. Take this class, you won't regret it!!
She is a great teacher who's class i never mind going to, even at 8:00 am. She walks in with a smile and is just awesome.
Norma is a wonderful, energetic teacher who makes education seem like the best job in the world. She is very helpful and will do anything she can to make the class exciting.
Very interesting, I got a lot out of the class, tests are hard, but you can still get an A :)
I had Dr. Gutman for 107 after years of Hebrew. Even though this class was more review for me, I loved her teaching style. She is one of then nicest teachers I've ever had. I registered for another one of her classes this semester and I can't wait to take her again! You will love her if you take History, Jewish Studies, or Hebrew! Love you Eynat <3
Whitey keeps things interesting and is a very understanding professor. Even if literature analysis isn't your thing, he's a very fair grader as long as you put the effort in. Highly recommended, one of my favorite professors thus far.
He really knows his stuff and cares about making you into a great teacher. Yes, the quizzes are a pain, but the rest of the class was really useful.
This was the best professor I ever had at Hofstra. Actually made me want to go to class. His humor made the time fly. The readings are pretty demanding but if you show you put the effort in and participate he'll ease up on the grading.
Quizzes are hard but if you show effort and do all the work, bad quiz grades won't kill you. Other then the quizzes he is a great teacher with a wonderfuly fun personality that makes a class with him worth taking!
Torff is by far one of the kindest, and fairest teachers that I've had. Be prepared for the hardest quizzes on earth. In each class my average quiz had only 1 or 2 right answers but I still got a B in 151 and a B+ in 102. If you do the assignments, and presentations you can't fail. Tip: start your Journals early, if you don't you'll be sorry.
Good professor, take notes, read book, you'll do well
The most brilliant prof I've ever had, and the sexiest man alive. But I still say he doesn't know jack about the southern agrarians.
GREAT professor, you will learn a lot, the class was fun, no tests, but he grades strict on papers. A good amount of reading but what history class doesn't have that. I highly recommend.
nice prof. don't bother buying the book -just take good notes and you'll do well
I'm seriously confused by the bad rates for Handley. She has become one of my favorite professors ever. She cares deeply about her students (and the environment) and it shows. The class can be a little challenging, but for a science gen ed I think its one of the easiest ones to take. As long as you put a little effort into it, you should do fine.
The biggest issue you'll have with her class is speeches and those aren't too hard to pass. If you want to get an A in her class it might be a bit difficult but not by much. She's very nice and charismatic with her class and knowledgeable about interesting things aside from speech.
One of my favorite teachers at Southwestern. You will have to take a lot of notes but she makes the class so entertaining that it's no big deal. She is very quirky and extremely helpful and she tells you what to study for tests. Just watch out for the group projects. Make time outside of class for those. Also, she is very easy on the eyes. ;)
rebecca is a very enthusiastic teacher which makes her class fun.she is very clear with her teaching.also very willing to help.
Dr Crampton is one of my favorite professors! I wish I could take her for all classes. She is such a nice woman and cares about her students. I had her in the fall and enjoyed her class. Study the chapters & there is no reason to get a bad grade. She's very personable & helpful. Her outfits are the best and she is really knowledgable.
Learned a lot abour management
His notes are online, he meets with you whenever you want, even if you DON'T attend class, and his wacky grading makes your grade higher than it should be. The only thing you have to do is study for the tests. To do well in any class you have to study.
Really nice and helpful, gives you a lot to study and wants you to do well. I had no interest in this class, but he made it easy to understand with a lot of examples. Three tests and a final, tests aren't bad; he gives you a study guide and many practice sheets for all of them, drops lowest test grade! great class overall
Dr. Halsell is a great professor! The class was a little hard, but hey it's Biology! I enjoyed the class and would definately take another one with her.
Definitely recommend him. He for sure helps all his students. He is there for you and helps you not just pass the class but understand the material which is so important. Take him ! you wont regret him. HW is not mandatory and gives plenty of extra credit !
Explains content very well. Gave numerous extra credit opportunities by copying test solutions. He really prepares you well for tests and the final was a culmination of the tests. Highly recommended. He is funny too.
I love everything from Barb, such a great teacher, all the way from her soft and slow pace to talk and explain, up to her way to doing the interviews, that by the way were all very interesting. She is a great inspiration.
She is a friendly and charismatic teacher. I enjoyed the course. It was very helpful.
I took the class online and I would love to take Ms. Oakley's class in person. She is a wonderful human being and a brilliant teacher! Even through online courses, I learned so much and I'm infinitely grateful. She is a true inspiration.
Best engineering teacher I ever had! Only take this class with her. Not only is she cool, but she is very very fair.
Professor Oakley is always very helpful and clear in her presentation. She is always well prepared and keeps the class enthused.
Mark Poindexter is a university teacher. Do the reading. Show up to class. Take notes. He is a very intelligent and experienced individual, and I feel privileged to have taken a class with him. His knowledge is vast and his lectures might challenge what you think you know. But tests and assignments are fair and incorporate readings and lecture.
I enjoyed listening to his lectures and I learned a lot
You have to read the textbook. The tests are strange. Lots of Youtube videos.
Anyone who rates Prof. Allison poorly is wrong. He is so funny, has interesting lectures, and gives plenty of easy assignments to raise your grade. He doesn't take attendance often but will take it on occasion using a Canvas assignment (you can cheat this if you have a friend in the class). But the exams can be difficult if you don't pay attention.
Professor Allison was an amazing professor. He was so personable and make lectures so interesting. Super easy work but all important and connects back to the course material. If you pay attention in class it's an easy A!
He's great! I look forward to this class and I've learned a lot.
He is a very caring man. His dedication really shows. He is easy to work with any scheduling conflicts and will do what he can to make your experience better. He does not give extra credit though - he has his limits. Will not be upset with the experience
Dr. Allison is an all around good guy. His grading is fair and clearly defined in the syllabus. A lot of group work, so pick your group wisely. As long as you follow the instructions and turn assignments in on time you should do well. Tests are not too bad if you study. I would definitely take him for another course.
AWESOME CLASS GREAT TEACHER!!! u learn what career direction you want to go into. Class is fairly easy other than giving 90hrs up towards interning its just time consuming, but worth it, then there is a big portfolio due at the end of class and that is ur grade. Straight forward and simple.
Professor Allison was one of the most interesting professors at the university. His passion for the subject at hand made me really want to go into special ed. TAKE THIS CLASS or ANY class with him...you will enjoy! Alot of information but if you apply yourself and attend class great class for an A.
Could never say enough about this class. I absolutely love that it. Allison is the best teacher ever and his class is really interesting and he totally knows what he is talking about. Take whatever class possible with him, I actually enjoyed going to class.
Awesome class, great teacher, funny, and interesting
Go to class, sudy notes, attend lab, the class is not challenging. But you need to be active. Great teacher and very obvious she wants her students to pass.
Dr. Lauretto is very passionate about her work. She is VERY organized and gives you everything you need to get a good grade. She also posts power point videos on black board as a study guide for exam which are basically exam questions, so if you take the time to go through those you will do great.
she is a great professor, you can tell she knows her stuff and she will always help you if you have any questions. NO HOMEWORK!! but this is not a class for slackers. you will fail if you dont keep up with studying for those hard tests.
Great teacher, konows her stuff. I would recommend her as a instructor. Has a somewhat dry but wonderful sense of humor.
She's a great teacher who really makes herself available to help you! Tests are hard.. because it's a hard class, but it's her job and she does it very well!
there is no question he's very knowledgeable about the subject. he's pretty entertaining sometimes and his lectures were interesting. however his test were a difficult format. all essays. read and go to class.
This is an awesome professor. He's funny and makes learning the material interesting. He'll definitely make you work for your grade but he's by far my favorite professor.
All I can say is AMAZING! I think he is the most intelligent man I have ever met. Do the work and study his notes and you will do great. I have taken every class he has taught and he's my advisor- wouldn't trade him for anything!
I can't say enough nice things about him. He gives awesome lectures and he's so funny. His tests are very fair and you'll do fine if you study what he gives you. I've learned so much from him, take him if you can!!
He explains everything very well and the exams are not bad. The paper is killer...doesn't really explain and it but other than that he is a great professor and you will learn so much about Congress....more than anyone should know!
The bestest, easiest, funniest, enjoyably amazing class I've taken my entire life. He's so awesome! Sometimes I saw him riding his little bike with his yellow showercap on. He's a great professor and a counselor. I LOVE ABRAHAMSON
Best Prof at school! AMAZING, interesting, smart! You will want to go to class
Tony Chen is probably the best professor I have had at JMU. He understands that the material he is teaching is hard and boring, so he always tells great stories and has daily "jokes of the day". He is also very approachable, does exam/ test corrections, has easy A labs, and is just fantastic. TAKE HIM PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
great guy! very clear! get him if you can!
I love Dr. Nash. She is so kind and very willing to help. She responds to emails very quickly and provides a lot of help. She's super bubbly and funny. She's a real gem. As for ISAT 113, the material is a little challenging (it is a science class after all) but it is also super interesting. Definitely recommend this course and Dr. Nash!
she is a great professor, she is so helpful. the class is very difficult if it doesn't not appeal to your interest and you've never taken an environmental class before but if you work hard a B is doable. they give study guides for the tests that have A LOT of info but are helpful. homework's take forever and aren't easy but help boost your grade
amazing class, really opens your eyes. A LOT OF READING, but its worth it. Tests arent too hard, but you really need to study. Overall, a life changing class
If you listen to him, you will learn.
Rees is a great professor. He knows what he is talking about. The class is not easy, and the book is not very helpful either. In fact, I never read any of the chapters, just attend class and pay attention. The tests are fair if you attended the lectures. At the end of the semester, he does curve everyone's grade.
This class was not hard for me, but I love history and geography. If you don't like these subjects then this class will not be easy. I took the jr./sr. class, I found the exams and quizzes to be manageable with good prep. Rees is a good guy, I thought the class was excellent.
I really enjoyed this class and this professor. He really knows his stuff and is very organized. You have to pay attention in class to do well on exams. Take good notes and you are good to go. Class outlines on website are also very helpful. Map quizzes are easy, just study.
Brilliant man. Informative and interesting lectures, but tests are tough. Come to class, do the readings and you will do well. Course is challenging, but worth it.
Prof. Shannon is a really nice teacher - she is always willing to help. Sometimes she does ramble in class, but I don't mind that much cause i'm sitting with fun people. I really don't like English, but I would love to have her for an English class because of the clarity and low difficulty level. as long as you do the homework then you will do grea
WOW! WOW! WOW! The best math teacher I have ever had!!! I always hated math and now I love it. He totally goes over everything and over it if need be. If he would "get frusted at a student for not getting it," then it would be because he already explained it 3-5 times and your not getting a part that you should have learned high school. I used
I learned a lot and the expectations for the class are clear. I took the computer class and enjoyed it immensely. He took time to make sure everyone understood the subject and repeatedly went over the homework. If you keep up with the homework and don't get behind, you will do fine.
PROFESSOR HUFFMAN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! THANK YOU FOR MAKING ME WANT TO BE THE GREATEST TEACHER IN THE WORLD. EVERYONE, LISTEN, PLEASE TAKE THIS 82 YEAR-OLD'S CLASS. HE IS THE SWEETEST THING EVER. HE WANTS YOU TO SUCCEED IN HIS CLASS AND IN LIFE. LOVE YOU ALWAYS HUFFMAN!
Mr. Huffman is an amazing teacher! You learn so much and have a lot of fun! Very easy grader! I would very strongly recommend taking this class!
He is such an amazing professor. The class is extremely easy if you go to class and take notes. All homework assignments are optional; he goes over them in class and doesn't collect them. All homework assignments and notes can be used on all quizzes and tests.
Norm is a great teacher. He tries to make the class as interesting as possible. Be sure to bring your laptop to keep you busy. Attendance isn't mandatory, however there are 10 in class assignments through out the semester that you have to be there in order to get the points. As long as you do the study guides and "practice quests" it's an easy A.
Norm is a good Teacher. being he is working on his PHD he knows how students are. He is smart in his field. Cares about students. i recomend to take norm for any course he teaches. Im not saying his classes are easy, but you will learn a lot......
If you read the chapters and know the book front and back you'll do fine. I went to class about 3 times and I ended up with an A- in his class. (Although I definitely could have gotten an A if I had gone to class, so it's recommended). Just make sure you understand that chapters and you'll be fine. He is tricky though.
Great teacher. I learned a lot from him. just go to class, take good notes, and ask questions. take your time on tests and if you really need help go to his office, he'll give you tips on how to take his test and do well, i went and he really did help me.
Great Teacher, very funny, and very fair.
Huss is great. He definitely expects a lot from students, and you will absolutely have to study, but I loved his class. He makes everything fun and approachable, and he's hilarious. He explains everything in a way that's understandable, and makes the class fun. Would definitely take him again.
Very good professor. He really cares about you as a student. He will make sure you do well in the class. Four tests, a paper and 4 hw assignments. It's totally managable to get a good grade with him. Pluse he's a fun guy and will make sure you enjoy class.
Huss is the man. The class takes some work but he'll do anything in his power to help you succeed. Class is always fun and entertaining. You leave loving the material. If you work hard an 'A' is definately within grasp.
Such a good guy. He encourages participation but won't call on anyone bc he didn't like that when he was a student. You need the book if you don't attend class, but if you go and take notes on everything, the tests and term project are completely from the notes and really easy. Ask him if you don't understand anything, he's super helpful!!
knows his****. would take him again. lots of hw though. and need to study if you don't study or do the work then you won't do good in the class
LAURIE IS SUCH A SWEET HEART. She is THE BEST. She will do anything and everything to help you succeed in her class. Tons of real world examples for the restaurant industry. She even had a guest speaker, a Kent County Health Inspector come in to aid our lessons about food safety. She is awesome!
Wow! Great, passionate instrutor. Very excited and loves his students. Makes class fun and interesting. Never a dull moment and that is great. Everyone should try and take a class from him. He will tell you everything you didn't know and tell you why you never knew it!!!
he is amazing by far the best professor at this university,he is so intelligent and keeps your interest through the whole class.
Tom is the best teacher you will ever have. He relates so well to students, and while he doesn't really care about grades, he wants you to learn something in his class. The mythology he taught wasn't straight-up Greek/Roman mythology, and he made it extremely interesting. Take this class.
Great Professor!! Lectures very interesting and the tests are not very hard as long as you listen to the lectures and read the text.
He is brilliant. i don't care what anyone says. He is the reason I am changing my major to sociology. I have the upmost respect for dr. spady. I definitely recommend taking any of his courses.
His lectures are very clear, and he gets right to the point!
knows his stuff, no bullshit
He was a great teacher. I loved this course, even more so because he was so passionate about his beliefs and work.
He is very crazy and has a great teaching ability.
Grenquist is one of the coolest teachers at WIT. he is full of random knowledge is is pretty cool to know. I bombed the first test hard but did good on the next 2 so he dropped it. each test is only 10 percent of your grade. labs are easy and he gives you answers for all the hw problems. I strongly recommend him
Grenny is a nutcase, which keeps classes interesting. He knows everything and beats it into your head until it sticks. If you make no effort, you'll fail. If you find yourself using knowledge you gained at WIT after graduation, chances are he taught it
Awesome teacher. Explains things very well. You definitly learn a lot in his class. Try to take him whenever you can.
Best Math professor I've ever had. I take a long time taking tests and he stayed after class to allow me to complete the final. He also looks like Seth Rogan if you squint your eyes.
He is a ton of fun and REALLY excited about soils. Dr. Anderton really wants to see you do well and is willing to help if you are having trouble. he's slide shows are very wordy making it hard to take notes and he flys through them.
He is a great teacher. He doesn't teacher any freshmen level classes (100 level) so he isn't going to be easy. His teaching is 100% effective, so he is doing a great job, in my opinion. Jack is awesome!
Prof. Ball is a rarity in the left wing world of academia.He is a straight shooter and really wants you to learn.He cares about students and will help.Prof. Ball made my NMU experience a positive one,still love and miss the UP.Thanks Bill!!!
very good teacher ... he really cares about what he's doing.
This guy knows his stuff. He can point out the textbook's inaccuracies and knows details about a lot of political happenings. Tests aren't the easiest, but it's an interesting class.
Best professor at GVSU I've had yet. Take her classes...
Nicest man alive. If you need help, just ask him. He wants you to learn and enjoy the class. All assignments are straight forward and pretty easy. Homework may take a little long, but that and participation are the only grades in the class, so do them well.
Great class, great professor!If you are afraid to work hard in a class, don't take his class. It isn't easy because all of the assignments are writing essays or discussion pieces, but if you read everything, you can be successful. This is not an easy A class, but it is worth it because it is so interesting!
Quite possible the best professor I've ever had. The man is brilliant and never puts down anyone else's views. He always takes a moment to consider them and compare them to his own to see if he's made a mistake. Very admirerable
really good teacher need to know your essay stuff other than that he is a cool teacher
I would take him again
Jerry is the best teacher on that campus. Not just educationally, but he also teaches life lessons through reading. I hate reading, but he made it fun.
mr hess was a really nice teacher. very helpful in anything you need. he is very clear about everything so there is no misunderstanding. his class isn't really that hard you just have to stay on track, and always do homework he does check it. but otherwise awesome teacher
Mr. Hess is incredibly helpful and really wants everyone to succeed. He makes things easy to understand and if you have questions he never makes you feel stupid and always is very clear and helps you understand the problem. He's a great math teacher. Recommended.
Great Teacher and very helpful if you ask! Take notes and study the essay questions. She is a bit picky on labs but she really wants us to learn the material. Highly reccomended!
She is a very good instructer who wants to be sure her students understand what is being taught. Do the extra credit. Use the study guide and really know the essay questions. She is always willing to answer questions.
She's a good teacher but very picky on grading: -1/2 point here and there will knock your grades down a bit. Offers a lot of extra credit. Knows what she is talking about and is VERY helpful. Enjoyed her class a lot.
Awesome instructor. She is hard and expects a lot out of you. But if you listen and ask questions, you will have no problem. Do your work and do it right and you will pass!!
great teacher read your assignments and you will do fine grades easy
If you can take this class as a gen ed, take it. Ebels will teach you the basics of criminal justice, and make you a better criminal with his sweet stories. His use of Blackboard makes the class easy and helpful. As a retired Wyoming police officer he is a great teacher for the class.
Awesome professor! Definitely explains things in a clear and precise manner. It's not an easy class, but if you are interested in PR, you definitely have to take her class because you will learn ALOT!
definitely the best teacher i ever had...she is great and you really learn a lot from her
great lectures fun class only thing turn in all assignments in blue or black ink and turn them in on time. If you dont go to class then fax your stuff to him it is a must.
He is a very knowledgeable and funny teacher. I am glad to have had him as my teacher.
WONDERFUL!!! is the only word I could use to describe her and her personality. she is fun, sarcastic, and humorous. she picks intersting subjects and edgy literature to keep you intersted. she thinks out side the box to make class fun but does offer some challenging work.
I was very fortunate, he came back to teach a class last semester! Brilliant man and really cares about his students! I loved his class and learned so much. One of the BEST profs Hillsdale has had. Will tell a story and then at end of class you'll realize you didn't take a single note and that he gave that entire lecture in that story. Easy & Fun!
my favorite professor so far. she really wants everyone to do well
I loved this class. I had a lot of fun, even at 7:45 A.M. It really pushed me and I liked it. Jonathon is not a morning person but class is very interesting lol!
Just put in the work and you will pass. Its not difficult as long as you keep up. Professor is extremely willing to answer questions.
Prof. Sammons was my favorite teacher at CC. He is always willing to help, and will explain things in different ways to help you understand it better. "There's always at least 6 ways to solve a problem", is something that he says often, and strongly stands by it! I would definitely recommend signing up for his classes!
Very helpful if you don't understand material. Will only help if you prove you are willing to try and help yourself though.
This class was very easy, and the prof did a good job. everything was well taught. if you get the chance, then take her. very easy gen ed.
I can easily say that he was my favorite teacher I have had since being in college. I had him for 2 accounting classes and you should take him if you have the chance.
She is a hard teacher but a good one. Especially for accounting. She gives a lot of work but in accounting practice helps alot.
excellent teacher. teaches you exactly what you need to know for the exams. int
Very old school, funny guy. I am not a fan of economics, but Ballard makes it interesting. He doesn't post his content, so you have to go to class to get the notes.
Ballard is great. He makes class easy to understand and interesting for people who aren't going to become economists. But you should definitely go to class.
Course is test heavy and they are difficult, but if you try your best & put in the work, you'll likely succeed. Though he's difficult to reach outside of class, he's one of the kindest and caring profs you'll have, and is always willing to talk before & after class. Never went off topic and everything was straightforward. Interesting class overall!
Extremely friendly guy, always tries to interject humor into lessons. Easy to approach and very helpful. As long as you attend class and take notes, you will 4.0 it.
super easy if you go to most of the classes and read the book. very upfront.
(BUSY, Adult student)She is one of the best teachers I have had. I am not that great at Algebra, and taking it online scared me. She worked me through everything, and responded to all of my questions quickly! I met her for extra help, and she would send me encouraging emails after tests. She cares about you, your grades and is understanding.
Dr. Lombardi is an amazing professor. He is brilliant, cares for his students and for this wacked out world and is making a difference in waking people up. If you read any reviews of people who hate him, it is because they likely care more about Versace Yankoff and reality TV than real life. Best professor on campus.
Jennifer Hower is the best stats professor you could take. She makes the material so easy to learn and allows for absolutely zero stress. As long as you do the homework, you will pass easily! Take this professor if you are looking for an easy stats class.
Take her for stats!! She made the class enjoyable and was always cracking jokes to ease the mood. She makes all her expectations for quizzes and tests crystal clear. As long as you do the homework and pay attention in class, you will definitely get an A.
great teacher. very organized and does her best to make sure students get good grades. she gives alot of easy points out. if you put a little work into her class its an easy A
Really gets into the lectures. I would highly recomend him
I actually really liked this professor. She is super sweet and really helpful. She is always willing to help you if you just ask. There are two essays throughout the semester but you're given plenty of time to write them and ask questions if needed. There were also three books that were required, but I only used two of them. Would take again!
Very intelligent & eloquent. Tough class, but I learned so much.
Wonderful professor. Cares about students, has interesting readings. Yeah, you need to do some work, but you can learn a lot.
This is the most entertaining teacher I've ever had in my entire scholastic career. I've never had a class I liked better. Take this class as an elective no matter what your major is.
This teacher is a great teacher if you actually want to learn alot about the subject within one semester. There is a fair amount of work to be done which is normal for a colloge class. He keeps the class interesting. All assessments are multiple chioce.If you are a motivated person take this class.
great teacher, very helpful, explains stuff you dont understand
Very easy to understand. Excellent teacher! wonderful.
Mr. Lee is a great prof who is looking to genuinely help his students learn, all you have to do is ask. His grading system isn't the friendliest but you'll actually learn the material in his class. Also, the guy REALLY knows what he's talking about.
I took Cal 1 and Cal 2 with him. He's the great professor. His lecture is easy to understand. The quizes and tests are not too hard. However, you should try to work on homework and you will be ok in these classes. He's humorous too. His English is pretty good. I got A in both classes.
Sang Lee is a wonderful instructor. His English is very good despite what anyone else here has to say. If you are lazy and need someone to reward you just for showing up then you're better off staying home. If you want to learn algebra and learn it well then Mr Lee is the teacher for you.
Mr. Lee is a very good teacher and a really nice guy. He want's every one to to do well and will push back test dates if he thinks the class doesn't quite understand the material. Gives a lot of quizes all of which are take home. You have to try to not get an A.
not the easiest professor, but she can definitely teach. you will learn and enjoy this class.
Professor Hulst is awesome. He is very caring and understands if you are having trouble keeping up. His class was very easy with a few easy assignments and essays. Attendance is mandatory, although I did not go very often and I still ended up with an A.
Craig is one of the most flexible writing professors at GV for first year writing! Gives good feedback on every draft, and is really understanding of any situation you might find yourself in. An easier grader than most, but portfolios are graded by multiple profs. Schedule him if you can!!
He is very kind and flexible with class work while being upfront about student responsibilities. Great teacher and works with you, but not a pushover. Put in the effort and you will do well in his class.
Great professor! I didn't want to take the class but I'm glad I did. Learned a lot and he's an overall cool guy. I would recommend him for any class he teaches.
He is an amazing professor, He brings a nice warm feeling to the classroom and is beyond understanding when it comes to personal struggles. He is very open and helpful, and is always there for you when you have any questions or concerns. The exams were fair everytime, you just have to pay attention to the lectures, and make sure you are reading.
To pass his class you need to come to class and do the work and readings. It is tough, but worth if if you are willing to put in the time. He has great lectures but exams are hard. He is an overall good guy and good professor even though he acts tough. I always look forward to his class and what life story he will share with us that day.
He is firm on his rules (no phones, show up to class, do the readings) but they are fair expectations. His lectures are great. He takes difficult subjects and makes them much easier to understand. If you do the readings and study for the exams ( you can't wait last minute for either) you'll learn a lot and enjoy yourself in the process.
This guy is as good as they get. He is real, down to earth, energetic, and funny. He is willing to work with students, and cover issues until they are understood. He expects the maximum potential of every student to be reached. He "educates" you for the "real" world. No B.S.
Dr. Phillips is one of the most professional and honest professors that any student at this University will experience. The knowledge about life, and the way things work throughout the world will instill a certain understanding to your whole life.
Best professor in Sociology at GVSU! You have to work, but you learn so much.
Very good teacher. Syllabus was clear on what was required. A LOT of reading required, but I don't mind reading so it was fine. Very helpful teacher. Recommend taking her class if you can get in.
Not sure why some comments say that the class is so hard. If you read the chapters and use the book's website the tests are not that hard. Also the discussion group can bring your grade up a lot if you actually go to all meetings. Do the work and you'll do fine.
The tests are kinda hard but be sure to do the croswords and go to group and you can get an A or B without a problem. The groups are a lot of fun!
awesome teacher, tests can be hard, just make sure to do the crossword puzzles and to read the book and you'll do fine.
I had him for both classes, and he is an amazing prof, always willing to work with the students, very knowledgeable, a hilarious guy, and just an all-around good teacher.
He is a challenging and caring professor. He teaches because he wants u 2 learn
Really really easy A. Tests are online and based off the textbook. If you bother going to class, it's pretty mellow and you get to listen to music for an hour.
I love this class! I learned a lot. Yeager is very knowledgable, loves what he does and it shows!
if you do the listening and come to class youre set always happy & interesting
Come to class, do your job, get a good grade. Pleasant personality.
This guy is the best teacher I have ever had. So much so that I decided to wait to take my credits until I could take it with him. He has his political tangents that I disagree with but that doesn't matter. He assigns like 300 points all year with TONS of extra credit. I didn't do any of it, but it is mostly movies. I hope to see him teaching 109!
Hardly dud anything/missed a few assignments and got a B. But the class requires work. Read the power points and articles he gives you etc. Should be fine. He knows his stuff. Fairly interesting class. He's a really nice guy too! :)
He's very passionate about what he teaches, and educating people. LOTS of reading, but don't let it inimidate you- it's about sex, you'll get through it. Makes you Q a lot of things.
If you do your work its easy, he will help you out as much as your willing to work. nice guy.
The best professor I have ever had. I struggled in the beginning to understand what was required of me, but once I reached out he helped me so immensely. He has made my writing level exceed my expectations. Furthermore, he even reached out to congratulate me on how far I had comehe cares about his students! The discussions are so interesting too!
This class has 2 papers and 2 exams. You need to learn the concepts to pass the exams. Take your time and research your paper topics. He is a tough but fair grader. He honestly made me a better writer and I'm happy I took his class.
Professor Bullock is absolutely amazing. This is my second class in a row with him, and I have already signed up for my third consecutive class. Bullock is one of the main reasons my writing has grown so much. His feedback is amazing and he truly cares about his students. Everyone in the english department should take a class with Bullock!
Professor Bullock said at the start of the semester that this class would change the way I thought about things and he was right. He's funny but intense and puts lots of notes on the board so you need to come to class, but I always wanted to anyway because of the good discussions. He's a great teacher and I hope to have him again.
He is a wonderful professor. I have never had someone help me so much with my writing.
Kurt is the best, he makes you work, but you learn so much it's worth it. I've never improved so much in one semester, and he is the cause! Totally willing to help, and very clear. Plus he plays this fun game to get to know everyone's names.
Great professor, fun to be in his class
Kurt is an incredible prof! He is far superior to any English teacher I've had!
Amazing teacher. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. You will learn so much. The class is straightforward and not too hard. Just read the chapters and take noted. Not an easy A. Best and most respectful teacher I ever had.
Great teacher, thoroughly enjoyed his class. He goes out of his way to help students. Too bad only teaches one class.
He is a really cool professor. As long as you pay attention, take notes, ask questions, and do the readings you will do fine. A lot of studying is involved for the midterms and you may need to go in a few times to clear up some questions. Sometimes he will go off in a tangent and might get annoying, but he comes back to reality after a bit.
Dr. Martinez was extremely helpful. I feared this class coming in because I knew very little about politics but he was very informative. If you take notes and follow the outlines...You will do great in his class!
M. Martinez is one of the smartest and most competent professors in campus. The people who can't follow his lectures are just not ready for "real" college courses. Take his course, you'll learn a lot more than with any other professor in this de
I love Dr. Kebede's class. He is interesting, gives many examples, and reminds us that the field of sociology can include change. PLUS...he is SOOOO hot!
Dr. Kebede is the best professor on campus. He will inspire even the laziest student to learn. I love him, love him, love him
Great Professor ! i took History of California and he really knows his subject. You wont get bored at all. His mustache is super sexy too. He really cares about you understanding the material. He's a great story teller.
Best class I have ever taken! Professor knows his material and is able to present it in a way that everyone can understand and relate to. Funny and interesting lectures, good supplementary videos. There is a lot of reading and writing expected and his grading is not the easiest. Very enriching course to take, you will learn a lot!
Awesome teacher. Very fun and informative class. He doesn't grade as shrewdly as some history professors, but the class isn't a breeze. Study hard and show up for lecture, and you'll do great.
Beeman's instruction is of the highest quality. That really sums it up. If you're not an idiot you should'nt have a hard time at all.
Not an easy A, but a great, interesting class. He's really cool and listens to questions. Be in class, take notes, listen to what he tells you to study for the tests, you'll do good. Great teacher overall :)
Loved his class! He is passionate about his subject and makes the class fun. Alot of reading but as long as you do it, your grade will be good. Highly recommend him for History!
very good teacher; keeps everyone amused, to say the least. got me into "electric koolaid acid test"-- i love that book, beeman!EVERYONE SHOULD TAKE A COURSE FROM THIS MAN-- HE ROCKS!!!
Mr. Beeman is a class act. If you want an A in this class, it is yours. All you have to do is follow instructions and take notes. He has made himself available to meet with me everytime I have asked. Thanks Mr. Beeman for introducing me to my new major!
She is very helpful and cares about her students. She gives outlines for the tests and if you just study from the lecture notes it's not that difficult. She really enjoys what she teaches and likes the class to interact. I would definitely recommend her!
In Acting 1, I do not know a single person who didn't enjoy him. He is a fair grader who grades you according to your own ability. It's sad that only the few student who didn't appreciate him are the ones on here rating him. I recommend this teacher to everyone. Try and you'll succeed..obiously other raters didn't. He is knowledgable and rocks. :)
Mark Nelson is an amazing guy. If he sees you care he will do everything he can to help you succeed. I would highly recommend him to anyone who wants to get good grades. You have to earn them, but he will make it a much bette experience.
He's an awesome teacher, and a great person. I HATE math with a passion but he was always willing to help and answer my questions. Ask questions, go to class, he wants to see people who try, succeed.
He's very helpful and is willing to go over things again and again until you get it. As long as you keep up with the lessons it's not too bad. Definitely Recommend him.
Great teacher, funny funny man. take his class
Terry is the nicest teacher ever. She is also very helpful. Even though I already knew a lot about computers, she just gave me space and let me work on my own but always made sure I was doing ok. I always noticed that she was always helping the students that needed to be helped. Very excellent teacher!!!
Excellent professor. Very easy class if you pay attention and do the work. Made class fun and entertaining. Definitely recommend.
She was fabulous! She made learning so interesting and fun that you really didn't need to study. You learn it all in class. It was the best class and the best teacher that I've ever had. You would be dumb not to take her!
Dr. Cerutti is truly a man who can tell a story. If you find the material interesting then this is a class you will definitely look forward to. Exams were a breeze AS LONG AS YOU SHOW UP. He makes it very clear at the beginning of the course attendance is not mandatory BUT as long as you show up to class it is the easiest A you will ever get.
He is literally the best professor I've had at ECU. His classes are EASY as long as you ATTEND class. He will literally tell you the answers on the quizzes for CLASS2400 during class and gives TONS of extra credit. I'm also in his CLAS3405 and you have to attend every class to know the questions on the tests But his class is so interesting its fun
Most entertaining professor I have had by far. He is absolutely hysterical. His lectures are fun making the material easier to understand. Class is spent going over homework and you get a word of the day that will be on the exam. Incredibly difficult to do badly in the class if you pay attention and attend EVERY class. You won't regret taking him.
As long as you go to class, it is extremely easy to get an A. It is very interesting if you go and pay attention. I took him for Pompeii and then again for Rome. He can be kind of cheesy, but it it funny and keeps you entertained. No textbook, only 3 tests, attendance is not mandatory, but that's the only way you can learn. Take him!
He?s by far the greatest professor on the ECU campus. Extremely smart, knows his stuff. Took his Rome class and it was very, very interesting. Made me want to visit Rome, which I hope to do someday. Wish I could have taken his other classes too but I was graduating. Class is exciting and he keeps your attention! Definitely take his class!!!
He's really an awesome guy. All you have to do is go to class and volunteer to read, and you're guaranteed an A. His quizzes are really easy and you don't have a midterm or final exam. Enjoy him! He's awesome.
I took Bajic for CS107, and I'm currently taking his class for CS108. One of the best teachers at State. Teaches programming like it was elementary math. No other teacher could make me grasp what Object-Oriented programming is. You won't use the textbook much, not necessary to buy, but it definitely helps.
Professor Bajic is a really thorough teacher. He is incredibly helpful and SO SWEET!! You will love him! If you actually do the work you'll get an A. The only way to fail this class is to not try at all. I had to take this class for my minor and he made me actually care about it.
This guys knows how to teach intro programming. He's crystal clear and his class is extremely easy. If you're a CS Major you are required to take CS107 and Bajic is the only prof. that teaches the course, which is great b/c this prof. is awesome.
mr bajic is awesome definately take this class even for fun, the homework was enjoyable for me and a good challege. If you ask him questions he will go out on a limb to explain, class was very easy if you do all your work and if you need help just pay attention to class and stop facebooking.
He's a great teacher, he doesn't just give you the answer, he makes you work for it so you can actually understand what to do next time. He's pretty funny too, and he hates java and will tell you this repeatedly.
Such a great teacher. He will make programming clear if you are willing to learn. He works very hard and is accessible to all his students. Programming is tough to teach, but he has 107 and 108 down.
THIS CLASS IS PROBABLY THE EASIEST COURSE I HAVE EVER TAKEN. I NEVER WENT TO CLASS AND PULLED AN A- IN THE CLASS. JUST PRINT THE STUDY GUIDES AND STUDY THEM FOR THE MIDTERM AND FINAL. GETTING AN A IN THIS CLASS IS LIKE CHEATING.
She is a good professor. At least, she knows how to program. A lot of professors at SJSU do not know how to program. I cannot believe.
He is very smart, funny, patient and hard-working.
there is a lot of homework but majority is done in class. attendance is key because your graded on participation. he tells exactly what is on test so you know what to study. he's really fun and makes class interesting. highly recommend him for 101 and definitely signing up for 102 with him.
Great instructor. He's very helpful in any way that you need it. His pace within the class is kind of fast, but if you keep on task, I guarantee you'll do just fine. Tests are a little tough so make sure you don't wait the night before to study. If I could pick the best instuctor thus far, it's him.
Professor McClish is a very caring and intelligent professor. He is so articulate and definitely knows what he is talking about. I've only been in his class a few weeks now, but i know this is going to be a great semester. If every professor was like him, I would show up to every single class and actually enjoy my courses!
He is a very caring professor and is willing to offer you extra help/feedback if you need it. His criteria is very clear and specific so it makes it easy to get full points as long as you include everything he asks for. His feedback is also very helpful and instructive.
Dr. McClish is top three of the most influential professors I've encountered. If you are lucky to learn in his course, do your homework. Do your readings, pay attention to every handout (he knows what he is doing). Trust me, you will not waste your time in his class. Writing center extra credit incentive, take it. Don't skip this class. 10/10
Dr. Bloem's class can be at times confusing but her passion for the subject overrides anything else. She is hands down my favorite professor at GVSU. If you don't put the effort in or ask questions, the class will of course be difficult. It is a college class, she is not there to hold your hand and take you step by step.
He is a great guy, and he legitimately cares about his students. His lectures are very insightful. However, it seems that the final exam and many of the test questions are forcing you to memorize his opinions/arguments. Overall, his teaching style could be more objective. Despite being very nice and intelligent, he can be egotistical at times.
Trefzger gets a bad rep from kids the class who blow off his advice. Finance isn't easy, but if you do the practice problems and pay attention in class, you can get an A. DO NOT BUY THE BOOK.
Great professor all around. More than willing to help and spend as much time with students as necessary. A large curve for the overall class. If you can't get at least a B in this class, you did not try.
Trefzger is the man. He will do all he can to help you succeed. I had a lot of troubles with the material but he helped a lot in office hours and I managed to get an A. Don't buy the book, but make sure to work all the recommended problems and read the outlines on his website. Go to class every day and keep up with the material and you'll pass.
Joe is great. I reccomend him if you want to learn about what goes on outside of school.
He's a great teacher. Pretty funny too. Has all of his notes online - which is really helpful. He also gives a ton of problems that you can look over to help you study.
Tref is a great professor! He really does care about you, your grade, and what you can/will do with your education. Do the problems! They are your key to a good grade. He is gifted enough where he does not need the aid of a book, but teaches all of the material himself. All of the problems in HW and tests are his as well. Take this class with Tref!
Super nice guy, good teacher. FIL is not a subject to lecture in front of 200+ students, Joey T does his best. If you do the recomended problems you will do fine in the class. Do Not buy the text book, I never took mine out of the shrink wrap and I received an A in the class. All homework you print off his website. Great guy and loves teaching.
This was the hardest class I have ever taken/will take in undergrad, but it is by far my favorite. It takes studying about 15 extra hours/week to succeed in this class, and lab will be the hardest part of the course by far. Dr. Woodman's strict reputation was intimidating, but he is so down to earth, hilarious, and truly cares about his students.
if you have no other classes, you will do extremely well in this class. If you are taking mammalogy and other science classes. Drop or dont even think about it. His class is easy but, time consuming. The test are short but the information you need to know is pages pages long. A thick 3 inch binder you will need. Skinning rats, moles, and etc.
Dr. Caire is a very nice man. Biometrics is boring, but he tries to liven it up a little with silly pictures he puts on his PowerPoint slides and lots of stories about bats. His tests require A LOT of writing, so make sure you really know the material, don't count on multiple choice. He's very nice and very helpful, I recommend him.
Makes class interesting and is genuinely interested in all of her students. I would definitely recommend her as a professor!
Excellent course, learned a lot
I wasn't interested in taking history of rock n roll at all, given I don't really like the genre. However, this has by far been one of the most easy and fun classes I've taken so far. All you need to do is study hard before the test and you are guaranteed to get an A+. No need to go to class. Highly recommend.
Andy is truly the best professor I have had here at IU. He is genuine, passionate, and extremely funny! He is very engaging and his lectures are the complete opposite of dry. I had him for History of Rock 'n Roll and his notes are very minimal. You spend the majority of each class day watching video clips of famous, older, rock 'n roll artists!!
Andy is the best professor at IU. His lectures are awesome and he is super funny. Z203 tests are easy with an information section and listening section. Super laid back guy.
He's amazing! He's such an interesting guy and you can really see his passion and understanding for music throughout the lectures. If you don't like the music, there's no point in taking the class because you have to listen to it a lot. Definitely have to put work into the class and have to attend because he doesn't post notes online!
This has been one of my favorite classes while at IU. Andy is a fantastic professor and I found him to be extremely entertaining. I never wanted to miss class. I highly recommend any of his classes. He's so great.
Great professor. Funny, knows his stuff, and wants to know what students think about the subject, in general and specifically. If you listen to the songs and go to class (I don't see why you wouldn't want to go to his class), you'll get an A. It's not that his tests are ridiculously easy, but rather that he teaches so well.
Andy is the awesome! He shows a sincere interest in everything he says, he's super knowledgeable about everything having to do with music. He's great to talk to if you have a question, and he's very helpful. I would recommend Rock in the 70s and 80s to anyone and everyone.
I loved this class, and Dr. Gebrewold is very responsive with online classes. You will have to write a lot of short papers, but you learn from them and he is an easy grader. The text is very interesting.
Great person and teacher, you can get a lot of value from his experiences and knowledge if you try
This class is not bad at all, as long as you go. The attendance killed me cuz it was an early class, but still easy class, if you get a chance to take, take him!
The expectations for this class are very clear. Tests are non-cumulative, and most of the grade is just from doing online activities or showing up to class. B Hiddy is absolutely hilarious and he makes class a lot of fun. He has a lot of interesting stories to tell, too. Definitely would take another class with him!
MY FAVORITE PROFESSOR. He's so passionate about what he does and makes the class so fun. The lectures are long but so entertaining. There's never a dull moment.
Best professor I had in college. I can't say enough good about him or his classes. If you leave IU without having him as a teacher, you're absolutely missing out.
Dr. Wellman genuinely cares about her students and how they are doing in class. The exams are hard because the material is hard. Go to class, pay attention, and use her office hours! I LOVED this class and Dr. Wellman!
Don is probably the coolest teacher in the Computer Applications department. He not only knows his stuff but is very nice and helpful. He is also the Open Computer Lab manager and is always ready and willing to help. Be aware of the no Google policy however. It may sound stupid but is 100% correct. Use yahoo if you want to pass.
Don is awsome he gives people free advice.he is currently on a google ban so he wont let you use google in his class. if you do minus ten points. Very knowledgble great for co 110 don rocks.
Doc is a GREAT guy. The class is super easy, but interesting sometimes as well. Doc is funny, and he may be somewhat repetitive, but overall, he truly is a genuine guy. I recommend this class to anyone!
Professor Pace is one of a kind, a true gem. I had him for an IFS class and would take it again if possible, extremely caring. The class is not hard, but you will learn.
Truly an amazing professor that cares about her students. Super clear instruction and explains material very well. You will do great in this class IF you take good notes and do all of the work. Be prepared to put in time, but if you study well and pay attention you will do great. There are plenty of office hours and tons of resources if you need.
This class has a lot of material, but if you go to class and do the exercises and the homework, it will set you up for good grades on the exam. Some topics are difficult to grasp, but professor head answers questions really well. Main thing is do the homework with purpose because it is just like the exams.
Julie really is a great teacher! She clearly knows all the ins and outs of accounting and is great at explaining that to her students. You can tell she is very passionate about teaching and wants the best for you. Accounting is difficult for a lot of people so I recommend doing all the course packet work and attending all the discussions.
Professor Head was outstanding. She really cares about her students and provides so many resources to help them succeed. I would highly recommend taking her class.
Julie is great. She makes the class interesting, which is difficult with accounting. Cares about her students. She's pretty funny too.
A good professor that can explain the material in a way that a beginer can understand it and use it. If you listen to what she says, you will be all set.
There was a decent amount of reading for this course, but it is important material. There is a lot of extra credit offered and it is not hard to do very well in this class. Beyond that, she cares so much about her students as human beings and makes it very apparent. She is also hilarious and very understanding. Would recommend this course!
Maria is really wonderful. She is caring towards her students and cares about what we want to learn. She always provided feedback on essays that was relevant and constructive. She is all-around a lovely woman. The class is a challenge, but if you read and work hard, you'll be okay. 3 essays make up the class and there was extra credit offered.
Great professor, funny nice guy. very understanding and helpful. i would recomend him to anyone!
Best math professor ever! I've never been good at math but I earned a B+ in his class. He's very enthusiastic about teaching and makes sure to thoroughly explain everything.
Honest to gosh the best math prof I've had. Actually recognizes/cares when students fail to understand, unlike math profs I've had. Awesome guy
Dr. McNally explains everything clearly and in a way that sticks with students, and is always willing to help. Even if you have little or no interest in computer science, Dr. McNally will change your perceptions.
One of the best teachers at Alma. About S term Stratton knows more than you think. He smelled and saw behavior but without direct proof. He sadly laughed at the scammers, since ****s can't really hide. He is kind and said he didn't send you home for he HOPED you might meet the people downstairs though he thought the time for you was not right.
He's a really nice guy and a good teacher. Sometimes he gets a little boring, but it's not too bad. He's knowledgeable and helpful, but he IS kinda a tough grader sometimes. Just be prepared to be challenged a little.
This is the best history class I have ever taken since I took APUSH in high school. Knupfer is so GREAT! The class isnt based on right or wrong but the opinion and interpretations you form from the text and documents. There's a lot of reading and papers but its so worth it. He obviously cares about his students and will work with you so you succeed
Great professor. Cool guy.
She is a great teacher. Sometimes class goes a little slow. She only tests on things you went over, and usually gives a review very similar to the tests. I recommend her to everyone!
UPI text is not the greatest, but the assignemts and tests are totally helpfull....there is a LOT of homework and stuff, but as long as you put forth an honest effort and pay attention in class, its an easy A....THIS CLASS IS NOT FOR THE SLACKER!!
best teacher ive had so far, i had already taken cal in highschool so it was pretty easy for me and i even though i slept through a lot of it for that reason, when i didnt sleep he made me laugh a lot. if you do what ur supposed to in this class you will probably get an A
Go to class if you want to take your own notes, but I rarely went and it was not hard for me to get a copy. John goes over information that is interesting and fun to learn. Take him for markets!
Great TEACHER, TAKE ANY OF HIS CLASSES, Very nice, very helpful, very fun classes. I've had two so far. They are hard to get an A in but a pretty easy B!
very interesting. he knows what he is talking about, and is enthusiastic about it.
mrs. bezile is a great prof. she wants you to do well in the class and shows you what you screwed up on so you know exactly what to fix on assignments.
Judy is a very good instructor. You know what you need to do. Is helpful.
you do a lot of writing in this class but its super easy. Attendance in mandatory , but all you have to do is show up and that counts as participation. EASY A !! just write your papers and show up to class
Always made bad decisions in your life? No worries, this is when your life starts changing. Choosing her class was one of the best decision I have made in my whole life and I would repeat the course over and over again just to have her as my professor. She is the nicest professor who loves her job and knows what she is doing. Absolutely the best?
She is a wonderful prof! passionate about her work and wants her students to do well.
She's a great teacher. I learned alot from her class. Now i'm not nervous to talk in front of a group or class.
Professor Cullather was an amazing teacher. I took his class on the Kennedy family and even though it was the first year of the class it seemed like he had been teaching it for 20 years. He is extremely knowledgeable and makes the material very interesting but be prepared to put in the work for the papers because they require a lot of research.
Professor Cochran is a very good teacher. He is extremely interested and well-informed in his subject matter and makes it clear for those who are not interested in it. Personally, his World Epics class was my favorite course that I have taken so far.
Great teacher! Really wants his students to succeed and loves history. Very well informed and is an interesting lecturer. If you take American History with him you have to read the book for quizzes but the quizzes and tests are easy as long as you study for a few hours. Easy and informative A.
This is a great teacher! He's an adorable old man, always happy and has actually had a super interesting life. I highllyyy recommend him you'll love him!
Very nice guy with a lot of interesting stories and insight to international relations. Class is in a dark, windowless room and can be very, very boring, but the class is easy if you study. Take Purvis's class if you have the chance. You will learn quite a lot.
Hoyt is awesome. He's intelligent and although his class is very dry and quite boring because he talks with a monotone voice, its easy. If you study for at least a few hours the day before the test you'll be good to go. His tests are very cut and dry and you know exactly what will be on them. He's a cute little old man with a dry sense of humor!
Purvis has a very subtle sense of humor and doesn't take class too seriously. He is a real cool guy to talk to, huge sports fan. Grades very easy, takes attendance, which is weird for a class of about 150 or more.
He will go over anything for your benefit. As long as you dont sleep thru his class you should get a good grade... he offers extra credit... he wants you to do well
Good instructor, fair tests and grading. Extra credit on tests. Will do anything he can to help you. He really cares about his students. Nice guy but is very nerdy!
GREAT PROFESSOR. He has REAL world experience and shares a ton of insight outside of the class material! If you want a blow off management class, don't take this one. The only thing worth points are three exams and one presentation (extra credit opportunities too). If you are willing to put in some effort don't worry about this class!
There is no doubt that this class is difficult, but Prof. Simendinger is a very high quality professor. He will teach you something that will be valuable after you graduate even if you're not a management. I would reccomend him if you're willing to work hard for your grade, but also learn a lot of pratical and technical information
difficult class but you will learn a lot. You need to speak up a lot its part of business
Dr. Brewer was an amazing professor who made Chemistry much easier to understand. She provided resources to help you succeed in the class.
Dr. Brewer is probably one of the best professors at the University. She has such a deep understanding behind all the chemistry we learn about . If she could help out a student in any way academically, she would because she is such a gem. She cares a lot about her students' success. Also, she makes difficult material easy through her lectures.
Professor Brewer really cares about each student and wants to help you. The lectures are really clear, and she breaks down difficult material well. It demands a lot of time outside of class for studying and homework to do well, but the grading is generous. You will have to do the homework and study, but overall this class is excellent.
Dr. Brewer is the best Chem 1 professor. She is super knowledgeable and more than anything wants her students to do well. Her lectures offer free points and she teaches is a clear concise manner while making it fun as well. The class still requires some work though. Get the book and do some outside reading/practice and you will get an a.
Professor Brewer is great! You can tell she really cares about your success. If you were able to breeze through chem 1 do NOT expect this class to be as easy. You have to really work for the grade and read the textbook before the lecture
She is definitely a great professor, especially if this is one of the first classes you will be taking in college. Unlike some of the other professors in who do chem 1 and 2, her lectures cover concepts as well as problems, while other professors do only example problems. She is incredibly kind and available for help as well. Nothing bad to say.
She was awesome! I had her for Chem 1 last semester and made sure to take her for Chem 2 this semester. She's great at actually teaching the material, and always tries to make sure everyone understands before moving on. She's one of the few professors that actually cares.
Fantastic Teacher. If you aren't good at Chemistry, she makes a big effort to help you do well. If chemistry is easy for you, the work load is pretty light. Doing all of the homework is a great way to prepare for things in this class. The textbook/manual/subscription at the bookstore is kind of a ripoff but you can use it for two semesters
GREAT teacher! Really knows the information well and is always there to help students succeed. DO NOT TAKE ANYONE ELSE FOR CHEM 2! (and if you do, go to Brewer's lectures so you can pass). Great class. Significantly harder than Chem I (material wise) but there is lots of help available! TAKE BREWER!!!
Mrs. Brewer is hands down the best college professor I've ever had. She constantly reminds her students that she is there to help you and will go over the material until you understand. Best Univ. Chem I teacher at the university
She is always so enthusiastic in class, and it makes you excited to be there too. She explains everything perfectly. If you just pay attention in class and do the homework, the class is pretty easy with Brewer as your instructor. Highly recommend her over anybody!!
If you go to class and drill AND complete all of the homework. You will make at the very least a B. She's very gracious with her curve.
Great professor, very helpful and provides funny and relevant answers. You do need to study and read the book but if you do you should be able to get an A. Does give pop quizes in class but if you show up its an easy 100%
Britton is awesome! He is probably one of my favorite teachers at the U of A. He makes lectures very interesting. The tests are not that hard. All you have to do is study.
If you think Dr. Britton is a difficult test giver then you are obviously not reading the text and studying. He's a great teacher and I would reccomend him to anyone.
Overall I loved Dr. Stapp!! However, his class was VERY challenging and I really had to fight to make a D, even though I attended every class and took good notes. Economics just isn't my thing. I was scared to take this class based off of other reviews, but ended up alright and now Dr. Stapp is one of my favorite professors! Study hard!!!
Stapp is by far the best professor on this campus. He does challenge his students, but he is an amazing teacher. Comes to class very energetic and animated every single day. You do not need the textbook at all for this class. All of his tests are from your notes you take in class.
I absolutely love Professor Stapp! He is very passionate about Econ, is very funny, and executes his information clearly, but quickly. Attendance isn't required but it is if you hope to receive a good grade. I look forward to going to his class. Take him if you want to learn and be successful in your major.
Great Professor, really makes economics interesting and easy to understand.
Robert Stapp was an amazing teacher. He made class so much fun because of his enthusiasm. He's so funny. Just go to class because he gets the majority of his test questions from the notes.
He is a really really funny guy. The class isn't hard, just a bit confusing. Taking him again. Not a bad class at all.
Attendance was not mandatory. Gives out a lot of extra credit opportunities. Quizzes and Exams were very easy if you were prepared.
Very smart but repeats alot. Just need to go to class one day a week and you can ace the quiz. Great teacher.
He is the best professor around. Girard always knnows how to explain the course materal when we don't fully understand the subject.
He's a Phi Gam!
One of the few entrepreneurship teachers that has actually (and very succesfully) actually started businesses. Teaches from experiences, not books. Uses real examples of companies, no BS theory in this class.
Dr. Espie classes are without a doubt the most difficult at Cabrini. That being said, her classes are also some of the most informative you will ever take. She is extremely knowledgeable about seemingly every subject and is willing to help students in need. She gives out a lot of "busy" work, but in the end it will help you understand the material.
Dr. Espie makes it very clear what you need to know for the exam. If you come to the exams unprepared, it's not her fault. There is a lot of information so you better start studying early! She always makes time for office hours and review sessions before exams. Thank you. Love the new hair.
Moody is a fantastic, insightful man. His lectures are always interesting and engaging. He is an interesting character, sometimes incorporating humor into his lectures. He gives you a study guide for the test a week before, and they're the exact same questions on the exam. And if you don't do so well on an exam, you can ask him to meet and retake.
He's a really cool guy, one of my favorite professors really easy to learn explains pretty much anything
Professor Stoller was the smartest professor I've ever had. He knows things about the world and the people in it that most people have no idea about. I throughly enjoyed every single one of his lectures! I thought the tests were easy if you payed attention and also he curves. He has a lot of wisdom and will teach you things no other teacher will.
he's funny, he's intelligent, he knows what he's talking about AND he knows how to help you know it too. don't disrespect him or act like a tool and you will have a great experience in his class.
Great teacher. Very helpful and enthusiastic! Can't say enough about her. Study for her tests which are a piece of cake and you'll do fine.
You must be an awful student if you struggle in this class. He is such an easy grader! I was scared of this class at first, but it was so much easier than he made it sound. The class is interesting and the guy is very funny. I didn't do my final essay, but I still got an A! I will definitely take another Brooks class. P.S. I'm Not even a LIT major!
He is an amazing professor. He makes the material very easy to understand and he has the best real life examples through his own life experiences. Tests are super easy
Words funny on tests and quizzes. She is very understanding and for the most part it is an interesting class. Doesn't require alot of work outside of class but make sure you study.
Amazing teacher with a passion for what he does and is always willing to learn
Absolutely WONDERFUL! Very helpful and clear. I've learned more in his class than I have any of my other classes put together! Wonderful man! Loves what he does and is ALWAYS willing to help you! I'm going to miss him!
Awesome teacher. Very clear and provides all the resources you need. His tests are easy if you go to class and read the book with his slides. A little boring at times, but that is operations. He truely cares about your grade and will help you anytime.
Phenomenal professor. He has an eccentric personality like many professors and is incredibly smart. He keeps you engaged with his compelling lectures and a wide variety of book selections. He takes us on field trips to some amazing places in the Philadelphia-area which we talk and read about. Easily one of the best professors at Cabrini College.
Best teacher on campus, will help you with anything you need, but you have to want to work and do good in his class. Hillarious!
I think the people complaning about Dr. Harrie are all just lazy students. If you do the assigned reading, come to class, and take good notes you'll learn what she wants you to know. This isn't high school so expect some work. I'm not a history major and have an A without much effort.
She is a very good professor. I am only halfway in and everything she has taught has been very clear and concise. The main thing is not to get behind in the reading. If you get behind one day, it will take you forever to recover, because the material is a lot to know and cover in just ten weeks. If you are confused, she will definitely help you.
Extremely knowledgable about the subject. He makes class fun.
Great Professor, smart and funny. He's such a great Human being. I can honestly say that he is genuinely interested in making a difference on the life of his students. Take him!!
Great professor. Bacon makes sure you understand your questions, is very, very open to class discussion and making sure everyone knows what he is talking about, and has a lot of clarity. His lectures are easy to understand and he has a great attitude towards Psychology. He will make sure you know whats going on and answer your questions.
Took several classses from this professor. Great. Very willing to help students.
He's a great teacher! Test are multiple choice and sometimes a couple essays!! A small paper and presentation!
In her class we read 12 full books, had four 5-6 pg papers and a white paper of 40+ pages. While she is amazing her coursework is EXTREMELY time consuming. She is a very picky grader and few students ever got an A or B on her papers. If you have a lot of time to dedicate to her class take it, if not I'd take another inta 489 teacher.
Best psych professor. Engaging interesting lectures. He is full of passion. Very helpful. Very dedicated. Wonderful person over all. Very fair. Funny. Yes funny. Read read read
Love him! He is a hard teacher, but this is college! He challenges students to work hard so they will actually learn something. He's a wonderful teacher. I'd love to take another class from him.
He shared the course with Dr. Rink. He's hot!
John D was a great instructor. Yea he demands alot and yes there is alot of homework but you learn from him. If you go to everyclass and pay attention and do the work you will be fine. It is time to grow up kiddos. Dirkse will hold you accountable. Worst thing is, is that he is a Packers fan. I had him for stats 1997. Loved his sarcasim.
Flachmann is by far my favorite professor! This class was challenging but so much fun. It is easy to get a good grade if read, go to class and participate. He really does not ask that much of you. Just do the work and I promise you will have a great time!
He is a very respectful teacher who really cares about his students, especially his honors students. He responds quickly to calls or emails and gives many options for assignments and projects. Great professor!
I had him for Camp Shakespeare and he was awesome! He's a great guy who's really nice!
Always willing to help the students and is the last to give up on a stuggling student.
The course is intense if you are ****ed. This man made Shakespeare easy and he was absolutely the best professor I have encountered yet. He has a huge heart, and he loves what he does.
he's very enthusiastic about the class. very funny while he lectures. the tests are VERY HARD, all open book w/ open notes. he's an awesome professor!
I had Nasty Ted for Bio 304, and will continue in his classes as I am a Bio major. He is the kind of teacher people hope for: Understanding yet demanding. You will learn in any of his classes!
makes the class fun
Great professor! Explains material very well. Very helpful.
Great professor! He has a lot of experience that he relates to the class concepts which helps in understanding the material. His tests are pretty difficult, but he allows the class to redo miss questions for partial credit. I wish I could have taken him for HR management.
His class is not hard at all, I took him for the summer, and made an easy "A", he gives extra points like everyday so no matter the grade you will always get higher. He makes you want to come to class everyday, his commercials are really funny, he is a great professor, and you have to be really dumb if you fail because he is really easy, honestly.
He is a very enthusiastic and interesting professor! he is the only teacher I wold ever take a night class with besides Dr. Antizzo.
he is a really fun teacher; he does have favorites but he is nice to everyone. just make sure you are one of his favorites and you'll do fine :)
Dr. Casper is great and really passionate about the subject. As a film major, this class is very introductory and I learned nothing new. He is so knowledgeable about the subject and has very involved lectures where students are actively participating.
I absolutely love this man. My favorite professor by far. I had him as a professor my first semester of freshman year and could not imagine a semester without him. His lectures are magical and transportive. He is such an inspirational speaker who has much experience in the cinema world. If you love cinema, you will not regret taking a Casper class.
I loved his class, take good notes and you will be fine, all of his tests are open notes!! Amazing professor
I took the hybrid course. Do the work, which can be heavy, take good notes, and you will get an 'A'. Midterm and Final are take home/open notes. Great guy, but get involved in class and you will do well.
Loved the class and the teacher. Very knowledgeable and interesting. If you study notes form class and book, you'll do great. Assignments are not hard and tests are graded on a curve to be fair.
PHI 102 with Professor Lawless was the easiest college course I have EVER taken. Those who think this class is hard, probably do poorly in all of their courses. If you cannot comprehend common sense wisdom then DO NOT take this course. Your grade is based off of three essay exams. You'll do poorly if you do not elucidate your responses thoroughly.
Okay, you MUST attend lecture, she takes attendance EVERY lecture. This class was really interesting. She grades essays hard but if you listen and take a LOT of notes you will do fine!
John Tarjan gave very interesting and important lectures. As opposed to other teachers who typically have only one of these elements incorporated into class, Tarjan always managed to have both. He is very interested in the well-being of his students, and will go the extra mile for them. I would definitely recommend taking a course with him.
Professor Tarjan makes you work harder than usual, and he helps you think out of the box. His grading policy is fair. He takes attendance regularly. Carefully select your team members for projects, that will have a huge impact in your assignments. He is supportive during his office hours. He is bias sometimes, but he tries his best.
If you read the syllabus, did your work, all should be fine. Stop complaining about the most challenging, helpful, resourceful, and structured instructor in the department. Need I say he is well published? Get a life slackers!!!
The other reveiws don't sound ike the professor that I had. I thought he was superb. If you do all of the reading and assignments you get an A. He always answered my emails within 24 hours too.
Very linear. Just do what he says and you'll get an A
If you want to learn, take Dr. Wang. This guy is a true GEM who knows his stuff and teaches it well. Make sure to ask questions during the lecture. He is ALWAYS happy to help and I would not take any other database professor over him. Don't mind the negative comments. They didn't like the mandatory attendance.
Great teacher. Very helpful when you have questions. His website is very helpful. Take the online tests to help prepare for tests. He gives you a lot of material to practice with. Cook is very good at keeping class interesting.
Great guy. He's extremely helpful. I hated chemistry before this class, and now I really like it. He tells a lot of stories, but if you ask him after class or during an office hour about anything, he will gladly help you. VERY highly recommended =-)
Very great teacher!
great teacher, very interesting to listen to.
great teacher, very interesting to listen to
I took this class online, and it is very easy. Dua just assigned reading chapters and four questions before each test. As long as you read the text you will get a good grade. Highly recommend her.
You will never open the book. Go to most of the classes, do the few homeworks and you'll get an A.
She is a super sweet and caring lady. She definitely wants all of her students to succeed and goes out of her way to help everyone. Some assignments are a little unclear in class but she always sends a template through email to give you a better understanding. If you do all your work and give it your best, you will succeed in this class.
Dr. Bierly was the first professor I had, and I could not of asked for a better professor! I really had no interest in Environmental Science but he still made the class interesting, and was willing to help you with anything. He is also a great professor to help you into the tradition from high school to college. Such a nice and sincere guy!
He is super nice! His test can be a bit on the difficult side, but he grades them pretty easy. Great teacher, take him if you can!
Dr. Bierly is helpful and very knowledgeable. If you take notes, listen, study, and know what you are talking about you'll do good on tests. An A is hard to get, but attainable if you do this.
Great class. Better like to write, cause that's his tests. He's a hotty too!
MI PIACE PROFESSORESA FAZZONE TANTO!!! She is so adorable and I really do love this woman. I wish that I could go back to 105! I took her two years ago and she still says "ciao" to me on the streets. TAKE HER, you'll be so happy!
She's one of the most hilarious people you will have the fortune of meeting. Thanks to her, Italian is the first foreign language I've ever taken that I've actually enjoyed. She's always helpful when you have problems with the coursework and has a genuinely caring personality.
be nice to this woman! she is the BEST professor you will ever have! she will do absolutely anything for you whether it be helping you with school work, or just some one to talk to. she is like a 2nd mom to everyone. she treats everyone equally, grades fairly, and you will learn a lot from her.
fabulous teacher! learned so much italian without ever really doing a lot of work. i loved going to class everyday. just make sure you turn off your cell phone
the BEST!! She's so cute! class is fun but you HAVE to study for tests!
Hard class, great teacher. She is clear about what she wants you to do & what's on tests, you just have to put in a lot of work in order to be able to do it. Go to every class & prioritize it from day 1. If you want to be a good math teacher, take her. She may seem harsh at first but she's a really nice lady (and she brings candy to the final)
I really liked taking her class. I am in 108 with a horrible professor now and wish that i had taken her again. her class is fair, and you learn alot. if you go to class and stay on top of homework youll do fine. she offers alot of extra points at the end of the semester that brings up your grade alot!
THE CLASS IS NOT THAT EASY, AND YOU HAVE TO COME EVERY DAY CAUSE SHE TAKES ATTENDANCE BUT SHE IS EXTREMELY HELPFUL DURING OFFICE HOURS STUDY HARD FOR THE TESTS AND YOU'LL BE FINE
Dr. Gabbin is a great professor. He is tough, but it is not because he wants you to fail. He expects that you will come into the class prepared on a daily basis. My only complaint is that he does not tell you what to expect regarding exam structure. He will hint at how it might look, but exam day was always a surprise. READ THE TEXTBOOK FOR EXAMS!!
Gabbin isn't as hard as everyone says he is. You do need to prepare a lot for exams but I think thats typical of any accounting class. He uses a lot of metaphors that are ridiculously weird but pretty funny and encouraging. He wants people to do well, but he expects you to put in the work and effort. Go to office hours, he's always willing to help!
Dr. Silverman is an amazing professor. In his class he lectures but they are far from boring, he is very funny. If you are respectful and pay attention in class you are bound to make an A or B. You will need to read for the test because he doesn't cover everything from the book. You also have to attend class because everyday it's something new.
I want to take him again, just for his teaching style. One of my favorite professors by far! His work is only hard if you don't do the work, and the work is easy! Just pay attention, read your chapters and you'll do great and enjoy yourself!
Dr. Silverman is the BEST professor at Winthrop. So WHAT if he's confident.... he's brilliant.
Great class, show up and you'll learn something and laugh. Great professor.
AWESOME person and professor! Who wouldn't want to take Dr. Silverman? He is a very smart man who can totally relate to the students and constantly does. He doesn't forget what it's like to be sitting in the chair. He is an amazing professor. I'm taking him again next semester just because!
Loved the class, had to work hard but learned a lot.
LOVED this class. Honestly I wish I could take it again because it was so interesting. Laura is a great prof, she helps you if you need it. She does treat you like an adult if you slack off or miss class shes not going to help you. Just go to class, pay attention, study your notes and the book, and the class won't be too difficult.
