Great prof, extremely knowledgeable about sales. Fun class, study terms in book and power point and you will do fine. Def take him for MKT 356!
He is what CS is all about, a great teacher, good notes, hard tests
Tish was awesome. I had her for 110 and 122. I hated math before her classes, but now I don't mind it at all. She is a tough grader, but that helps you in the long run. She's super funny and nice, and I am sad this is her last semester. Overall, I would recommend her to everyone if she was going to be here another semester. Thanks Tish! :)
Great prof. You'll learn a lot cause he makes things very clear. Take good notes
Great teacher, east tests
Her classes aren't easy, but she's extremely knowledgable and worth the work.
Nice, fairly easy, just show up and take good notes
Tony is one of the best profs at GVSU, in History or anything else. He takes an interesting(for a change) perspective on things, and you can pick your own subject for the paper. What more could you ask for?
You will never appreciate this teacher until you're 25-30 years old. I used to butt heads with him all the time. He's, however, the best instructor I've ever had.
Great Prof, easy to understand but her class is hard
Tough class, but a hard working, genuinely caring professor
I was never good at writing papers, even in a college prep high school. She really made it a point to help me, and make my papers and quizzes the best they could be. She is a little weird at first, but you realize that it is all part of how great she is. GET THIS PROFESSOR IF YOU CAN!!!
Professor White is awesome! She is very passionate about writing and helping her students. She gives great constructive criticism because she wants all of her students to succeed.
She is so helpful during office hours but make sure you put in an honest effort and know what questions you want to ask. Also get a study group together because it is very helpful. Do the "homework". She is a fair person and while can sometimes make you feel bad, you just improve from her criticisms.
Hes a really nice guy and will got out of his way to help you. Some of his assignments were lame but I really enjoyed the class and I fully recommend him to any french student.
The tests are pretty difficult and on a lot of material. I used the CD that came with the Purves book because it had chapter outlines, but you really need to know your s--- to get an A. On the bright side, the final is 80% questions repeated from previous exams so it was easy in my opinion.
Very nice. The class was boring, but Braun designed the syllabus. :-)
He is an awesome teacher. Alchon is intelligent and passionate about what he teaches. TAKE HIM. you'll learn a lot and it's not that bad of a class, even though it can get boring sometimes-- he's worth it! I'm taking him next semester
Rogers isn't an easy A professor, but she isn't a stressful prof either. The clicker quizzes are every day and make up 1/5th of your grade, and they're usually easy. She does them every day, twice a class, and you only need 30, so you don't have to go every day. Exam Qs straight from lect, but she posts them online. She's an easy B prof.
He is the coolest teacher!! I love this class!!
Dr. Malaret is an amazing professor. He really cares about his students as people. He expects you to take charge of your own education, which is what college is about.
Karen is wonderful. This class was one of the hardest I have ever taken, but was because that I am a theatre major and an actor so I really care about what I'm learning. The assignments are long and difficult, but are relevant. READ THE ASSIGNED READING. The final exam is a performance and a 10-12 hour (!!!) exam on the reading.
He definitely made learning the subject bearable, if not slightly interesting to me. He's a great guy and definitely cares about his students and their success. Also, as someone who is not an ECON major, I think he did a great job presenting the material in a way I could understand. I did have to re-teach myself a lot before the exams though.
great teacher!
A little stern but needs to be. Professor Bhattacharjee is one of the best at state. His lectures are pre recorded and has an amazing website to use for homework and exams. Gives so much time on exams. This class is extremley doable and he is ahead of the game during a pandemic by having everything pre recorded and ready! Take him.
He is a best professor that I have ever seen. He hates cheating. If he knows that you work hard on his class, he will help to move your grade up
He knows so much more than what he can fit into the class periods. He was engaging and interesting. READ the materials. He doesn't demand a lot, so it is completely do-able. It's less "world" literature and more post-colonial, but still very interesting! Visit him out of class. He's great!
Very easy professor. Exams are easy. Take him.
Don's a great prof.
Professor Clark was helpful even though lectures were a bit dry. He gives a good background to the work he is covering and helps you understand the history of the time. Worth going to lecture for sure! He is a very knowledgeable instructor.
Clark talks more about the historical aspect of Huckleberry Finn, Rowlandson, and Crevecour. He's not a bad lecturer but he's not outstanding either.
Loved Terry. He was really interesting to listen to and was very passionate about what he teaches. He really focuses on how the whole class is handling topics so he can adapt it to the class. Tests were easy if you study and asked questions during office hours. He really wants to see all students succeed.
Just one of the many reasons TU known for having Maryland's top teaching...great conservative mind
Had her back in 2000. She allowed us to use our textbooks when taking tests, which rocked, because I never had to study. She is a good lecturer, and is overall a nice lady!
more Assumption professors need to be like Mr. Brusard. His class is fair, and he teaches material slowly and clearly. He is always willing to meet with students on his own time and gets to know students on a one to one basis. His class is fair and he's friendly, this is actually a worthwhile class which is hard to come by on this campus
Took this class many years ago. To get a good grade, you must attend class, do your homework, and be repectful. Is this too much to ask? This is college, not high school. Dont yawn in his face or act disinterested. He will pick up on it. He is in his office a lot. I found that if you catch him in his office and are polite to him, he WILL help you!
Cruz is old school. He is not one of the professors who give you your degree on a plate. Be prepared to think with reality, not just theoretically. He will push you to achieve beyond what you think you can but you will be better for it. He does not hate Americans, he just doesn't fawn over them. Respect is earned, not a given. Push yourself.
Great teacher!
She is an awesome teacher.
BI 121 anatomy and physiology is a difficult class. Dr. Forbes creates very difficult tests, you will have to work hard, but you will learn. No free rides, you earn your grade. I highly recommend Dr Forbes, his management of lab time was phenomenal.
There was never a boring or dull moment. He's very random, and keeps your mind engaged. Goes off into random stories, but always about A&P, so you have another association with the subject. He and I would playfully fight about cats. He's willing to teach if you're willing to learn.
So awesome. Uses good examples in class and lets everyone get envloved with lectures. Knows a ton about what she is teaching and is very willing to help outside of class. (and post all notes on blackboard)
Barely any stress. Study exactly what she tells you to study on review, show up to class, do the outlines and you'll get an A. I like that she is involved in what she teaches.
Professor Stolba was great. Take good notes and be sure to study your notes well for the tests.
Engaging lecturer. But, READ THE BOOK! This cannot be stressed enough. I learned this after the second midterm and was headed for a C- but read the book and ended the semester with a B+. If you just try to study lecture, you will fail. His tests pull out minute details from both book and lecture. Enjoyable class, just prepare to work for the A.
I found Haj-Mohamadi to be a little eccentric (He IS a Ph.D mathematician from a totally different culture!). This eccentricity did not have any effect on his overall good nature or his ability to teach though. If you REALLY want to learn, he will go to extraordinary lengths to help. I am terrible with math, but Dr. H put in extra time with me and
I think I turned one paper in on time, and I got A's on all of them. There are a bunch of writing assignments, but nothing you couldn't do in one night. He's very leniant.
Dr. Rayor can come off as mean at first, and while she's certainly tough, I really think she's a good professor. She makes you work hard, but she's fair and wants you to learn. Go to her if you need help and she'll give it. Her lectures are great and her passion for the subject is amazing. Ask her about her poetry translations!
hard class, great teacher!
Had a few of Marty's classes between 98 and 03. He expects quality work, but Is fair. Easily one of the best teachers I've ever had. Marty knows his**** and delivers it in an engaging (usually humorous) way. Take his classes if you have a chance... Especially "Culture and the Haulocaust" if they still offer that.
I can't remember what the exact name of the calss was. It was race/gender science, or something like that. But anyway, she is awesome! I wasn't interested in the subect at all, but she made it interesting. She is soooo helpful if you go to her office, and a really cool person.
very fun teacher. makes topics very interesting. very anal about thesis but overall grades fairly easy. approachable after class but rarely responds back to emails. 2 short papers and 1 final research paper. if you are going to take engl110 i reccomend taking it with panda.
She's hot. Pretty interesting subjects covered for just about anyone I would think. Test are not too tough. Entertaining lectures and if you go to class and pay attention, take some notes... you should get an A. DO NOT miss any of the online quizzes though. She WILL NOT let you make them up. That almost screwed me over....
easy HW. tests are HARD. drops lowest test. no need to attend lectures
He kept me entertained while I still learned a lot. He was helpful and made all students a priority.
A great professor, hot if you like older men....grrrr
great teacher, learned alot
He was awesome! One of the best and most understanding instructors I've ever had. Although I only had him online, he is truelly very into what he does and it shows. He gives good feedback and is also willing to work with you if you directly communicate with him. His responses always seemed to be heart felt and he responded in a timely manner.
Great teacher!
She is not the most interesting lecturer, but her classes are easy to follow and the information isn't difficult to understand. The tests are pretty easy if you look at the study guide.
Knows his stuff. Lots of [dry] movies. Multiple Guess Tests.
He's a little nuts but he's very smart and is really interested in the subject of CS146. I'd strongly recommend him for that class.
man, this guy sucks at giving partial credit!! Teaches good, good methods that aren't from the book. Knows his material. I just hate his partial credit. He is against that.
He is a better professor than others would indicate. He cares about students and wants to make a positive impact in their lives. I only have two issues: there is too much homework and studying for a 0-credit class and the concepts may (only sometimes) be a bit simplistic and specific only to certain situations. Overall, he is a good professor.
If you do any mass comm research, you'll find her name everywhere. She knows her stuff and is so nice and helpful. her media message analysis class is easy and interesting. another cool comm professor
Definitely suggest taking him. Interesting readings, great lectures, funny guy. He can be a bit of a tough grader on papers, but it will only make you better, and he's totally willing to work with you. Great class, awesome professor!
Johnson is really intelligent and interesting. I really enjoyed this class even though, i'm usually more of a science person. TAKE HIM! He really isn't that bad. The only reason I got a very high B is because I screwed up the midterm b/c of mono. One of the best profs at JMU i've had so far.
This class was super fascinating and Dr. Fox is very knowledgable and makes the class very interesting. He talks without bias and explains abstract concepts simply. That being said, this class is also very difficult. The exams are very difficult worth so much of your grade and he assigns so many readings. You need to put in the work to get an A.
By far the best non-engineering class I've taken at the University. Very tough, but you'll learn boatloads.
so intelligent, a great teacher in many ways
Schmieg really isn't as bad as people say. In addition to attending lectures, where it was hard to pay attention, I rewatched the UD captures online and took notes from that. I also read the textbook which was helpful. Tests are sort or difficult, but if you study a lot and put in effort, there's no way you can't get at least an A- in the class.
Great teacher, makes things easy to understand. Really important to go to his exam reviews, they help so much if you have missed a class or two.
Dr. Link is a good Econ teacher. He is experienced, articulate of his ideas and quirky (which makes his lectures interesting). He wants to you to be engaged in his class. The only drawback is that sometimes his lectures feel like they get dragged out a bit. Otherwise, solid professor!
makes you buy a textbook he wrote but it is useful for his exams. he is well organized and everything you need to know is given to you. problem sets are a little tough but they help your grade so take them seriously. do the borderline insurance and read the textbook, it will help a lot!!
Dr. Link is a really nice guy but teaches a really boring class. He does what he can to make it interesting, he does care about his students. Pretty easy tests, the modules will teach you everything. Homework about 1-2 times a week. You have to attend class because he takes attendance manually on top of clicker questions.
Dr. Link is a great professor. Although his lectures are complex, they make the material more understandable. His tests aren't very hard because he guves you review tests. Also, he tends to keep the class on a light note sometimes with top tens and political videos.
Prof. Link is a good guy. I happened to like econ so I enjoyed the class, but I know people who didn't. Lectures are very professional though and the review sessions are helpful. You can't go wrong with Prof. Link
Link definitely knows his stuff...problem sets can be really confusing at times but one of the first profs I've had where the exam reviews actually give you insight into what will be on the tests. Lots of little extra-credit assignments too, they add up.
He assigned a lot of papers, most of which based on books we read and a research paper, but I had no problem with this. My major is to write about history, so I can't complain about that. He was insanely flexible with due dates and pushed back tests and papers a couple times. I accidentally submitted my final late, but he was very understanding.
if you just listen in lec, you'll do well on exams. doing old exams and going to class should get you a pretty easy A. the labs can be hard (the quizzes), but all in all this class is pretty easy. some Q's on tests are from old exams exactly. just pay attention and you'll do fine. this guy's good.
Duff is a fantastic professor. He personality that keeps class interesting. He doesn't like to use technology, so get ready to take notes during his lectures. Don't worry, he keeps them interesting. His assignments were very helpful in learning the material. The tests were hard and he gave a pretty vague study guide, but you can still do well.
Rachana's a very special, memorable prof. She took a personal interest in me and helped me to find my passion for teaching and language. She does miss a lot of classes, but she has a very active scholarly career, and she coordinates a Shakespeare conference. She opens minds.
She really knows her stuff & is passionate about marketing. Very tough class, but you leave with a great understanding of the subject.
Very difficult class, however Brewer taught the very simply. The problems he did every day showed up on the 3 tests. Come to class, take notes and go to to his office and you get a good grade
Mrs Bailey is a really nice professor! she has time for her students. She answers all the questions. Her well organized way to do things helped me succeed in her class. I would definitely recommend her
you all just have to know her im her neice and she is a good teacher she really does care for all of her students granted that she can have her bad days but other wise shes a great teacher
only reason I got the grade I needed in this class is because of having this prof. Make sure to take him if at all possible. Workload is very high and by no means an easy class but Roger makes every effort to help you if you need it. TAKE HIM AT ALL COSTS!
Mays is very quirky but its obvious she cares about her students and understands that not everyone is a math whiz. As long as you do the homework you should be set for the test. Attendance is judged based on group "quizzes" or worksheets done in class and she only counts the 1st 12. BUT, lecture is important to pass the class.
Professor Mays is super helpful when you don't understand something and is willing to help people out. She's understanding and is really clear with her grading criteria, she is constantly nitpicking which can be annoying but it's something you get used to. Overall she's great if math isn't your thing as she's clear and willing to go over things.
Professor Mays is an awesome prof to take. She explains problems in more than one way possible and is always there to answer questions. She is very clear in when due dates are also.
Very nice guy. His opinions are out there sometimes, but he's funny and he's nice. I wish we'd read more material relevant to Liberal Studies instead of just material relevant to his beliefs, but oh well. He cares a lot about his students.
Amazing professor. take notes in the class and listen to what he has to say, i pry dont have to even say that because there is just something about his presentations that interest you and make you pay attention. you will be well informed on your subjects and have a pretty good time doing so. over all one of the best professors i have had.
She is a difficult professor, but I felt like I actually learned something and earned the B that I got.
I really like the structure of the class, even though her lectures are not organized. If you listen and take as many notes as possible you will get something from it. She allowed us to chose from 3 different topics each time a paper was due. Good overall!
Corey is an amazng prof and cares about his students. You cannot not laugh in his class. The material is pretty complicated but he can clarify it in a way that even the slowest person can understand.
Best class and prof ever had. Crazy guy, makes you want to come to class!
This class is definitely difficult, but professor Zeman makes it easier to understand. There are blackboard quizzes and 4 exams. There are extra worksheets given out for extra credit, along with doing mastering biology. Overall, its not this professor that makes this class hard, its you if you do not try hard enough and do not come to class.
I loved having her as a professor. She was good about explaining things if you don't understand and is overall pretty helpful. Skipping class is a bad idea because even though the power points are posted, there are many notes that aren't on those.
After reading Prof. Zeman's ratings I was apprehensive to have her. However, you will not regret taking her! She is amazing: her lectures are very interesting/informative, she gives extra credit and attendance free points, and is very helpful to students. You don't have to use the book but it is good for additional help. I 3 JANEL
my fave class! made me want to come to class and was always making us laugh
I dont think the other reviews about Matthews 355 class are fair. She makes the pwps more interesting by including exs. and if you pay attention and take notes you'll have everything you need to be successful on quizzes an exams. You need to study, but its an upper level bio class, if you go into a genetics class thinking its an easy A you're wrong
Don't buy the textbook, you won't even look at it. Go to class and pay attention to every single little detail she says and write it on the ppt slide. She puts them online so it's easy to follow. Some of the test is word for word from lecture, some requires application of knowledge. Learned a ton, hated her at first, but learned to respect her.
I loved having Professor Matthews. She is a tough professor that expects a lot on homework, quizzes, and exams, but her class was never dull! Very helpful and responds to emails promptly. This is by no means an easy class, but you will leave knowing a lot about genetics which has helped me breeze through some of my other classes like micro!
She has funny stories and is very helpful. Her tests are pretty tough but it's really interesting material and you just have to study and read to do well. People complain about her because they expected it to be as easy as BIO 120. Quit complaining and take her, she's great.
She is a SUPER nice lady and will do anything to talk/help you. The class is REALLLLLY hard. She is a funny lady and can explain anything but her lectures and her quizes/exams are totally different. No matter how hard you try to study or do well it will not help wehn it comes down to it.
Prof. Matthews is an awesome teacher. She knows her stuff and doesn't teach at a level that's way over your head. HARD tests and quizzes, though...class is graded only and tests and quizzes, so study hard. Biology is a tough class but she is always willing to help and makes it so much easier to understand.
she is one of the best profs yet! I failed bio120 when i took it first semester, but with her I passed with a c! I strongly recommend her to everyone!
Very nice and funny professor, take her if you get the chance!
Very nice guy, exams, etc. are reasonable
If you have taken health classes in the past, this class is a nearly identical setup. Mr. Ledrick is knowledgeable and helpful. He keeps the lecture interesting by talking to the class and sharing real-life stories and examples. Go to class as much as possible. No quizzes. Slides. Use book to study for tests. Attendance is important.
Awesome teacher! I was so nervous for this class but once I got into it, it became my favorite class. And I hate science! He is very helpful and clear.
Mr. Ledrick is the sweetest guy ever. In some odd way his humor makes him a little attractive for an older guy, haha. Health was pretty simple, he had some things that were on the test that weren't in the book or in our notes but if you read and take good notes you'll do well. He's fun!
Over stuff you already know, show up and get an A.
I think he's retiring but I wish he wouldn't. Homework is minimal, quizzes are 5 questions and you can take them as many times as you want to get full credit. His tests can be kind of tricky but if you're in class and you study the quizzes you'll do just fine. Very knowledgeable and adds humor to his lectures to keep you interested. Great guy.
Awesome prof, take him if you can, doesn't make you feel stupid
Really knows what she's talking about! She's willing to help you out if you ask for it, don't expect her to baby you though. Believe her when she tells you that you need to be always working on your project. I thought I was on top of it the whole semester and I still ended up pulling a couple all nighters to finish.
He is by far one of the best professor I have had and he actually wants his students to do good. I realized that it is a hard class and only having chem your sophomore year in high school may make things difficult. He made his lectures very funny and interesting and I think he was a great professor even though I'm not a big chem person.
Professor Matchett was a great teacher but you have to understand the material very well before taking tests or quizzes. He truly cares how well you do and wants you to succeed but you do have to work hard. Definately know the theories before going into the tests!
This was a challenging class and you have to be committed to do well in it but Matchett makes class fun and interesting. I'm in 241 now and I was very well prepared for it after taking 115 and 116 with him. I highly recommend Matchett!
Every class I've ever had with him has been entertaining, to say the least. He's one of those profs that'll do just about anything to make sure you're both learning and understanding. You may have to work your butt off, but it'll pay off.
TESTS ARE TOUGH, but she allows an index card so that's helpful. She is very clear about her expectations on tests and that's very appreciated! Her notes/youtube videos are extremely helpful in understanding the materials as well. Be familiar with each case and definitely watch the movies, they're always on the test. She's a prof who cares!
Makes you work but it is worth the time. Class goes by fast and she is very funny. When she makes a mistake she talks about it with the class. She is different but in a cool way not a weird way. Will take her again. Learned lots.
I really liked him as a professor. Very knowledgeable and passionate about psychology. His tests are almost all hypothetical questions so make sure to write down the examples he gives you when taking notes. Tests can be difficult. Just pay attention and read the chapter in the book ahead of time (not required) and you should be fine.
once i figured how his tests worked, i liked both bob and his class better. he's funny, knows his stuff, and keeps his notes in outline form. don't bother buying the book cuz you won't need it. i would so take another psych class w/ bob if i could.
Great teacher. Class was always interesting. Attendance is not mandatory but very important because all exam questions come directly from lecture. I would definitely recommend taking him.
This class was hard but you can pass it. Do not buy the book, you do not need it unless you need to clarify topics. Take brief notes instead of word to word and then go bacn and rewrite your notes in detail. Trust me, this works much better. Some of the lectures are boring but he is very helpful.
Everything he taught was very clear. The exams were fair but the final exam was challenging. He knows what he's talking about.
Great prof! He really knows what he is talking about. Class is interesting...stuff for 1st exam is pretty hard, but stick with it, the class gets easier! Don't buy the book unless you want to use it as a reference, we never used it in class.
Very demanding, but fair and he teaches you a lot. I would recommend it to those who want to get the skills needed to be successful.
Very knowledgable professor. As demanding as grad course should be. He is friendly, you just have to earn his respect. Not good for slackers.
He is an extremely nice teacher and really cares about the subject matter he is teaching. I began to struggle on the tests in this class, but he was willing to work with me on improving my study methods and he helped to make me a better student overall. I enjoyed his class and would defnitely recommend him!!
Excellent teacher with great credentials. Few teachers will engage you in such a thought-provoking discussion. Read along and you'll do fine as a student. Challenge him, and you'll win him over as a philosopher.
If you are going to take Philosophy, take Doc Z!
Very down to earth Prof, definitely knows his algae! Very nice to talk to and very informative on a lot of topics. His teaching style is pretty traditional but he expects you to know your stuff! I would definitely reccomend if you need a plant course, or you want to make a friend!
Mark is the coolest bio prof at GV, he is loads of fun, but likes to make sure you learn the material, very easy to talk to.
Well this was an easy class, but I really liked the class and definitely the professor. He had many Secret Service stories and had a twisted sense of humor that I liked, also he mentioned the Sopranos in class, which is always a good thing. The tests aren't too bad at all and he grades easily on the paper if you follow directions, take himforCJ 101
LOVED this teacher. He is older so he has stories he likes to tell but he explains the math in such an easy way you don't struggle! NO book needed, it's online. Tests are open book/notes, quizzes can be worked in groups. Easy class but you also learn. I love math now because of this prof!
Comes off a bit pretentious as first, but once you get to know him you realize it may just be a little eccentric self-consciousness. He does require you to learn a lot of information but never questions beyond the powerpoints. Using the book is a personal choice if clarification is needed. Really really wants students to succeed.
This class is not a cake walk. You will learn a ton, but need to put some effort forth. You earn your grade, which makes it worth it. He's corny, but his tuft of hair and wiggly eyebrows can be entertaining.
I thought he did a good job for teaching research and in the end the project kept the class intersting. He is always wanting you to do good and will always help you out if you just ask and take the time to talk to him!
Wonderful Prof! Knows his subject matter very well and cares deeply about his students. Great sense of humor - very understanding if you have to turn in an assignment late now and then. Don't miss his lectures,as most of the course content comes during class, not the text. Reasonable workload. Show up, pay attention participate & you'll do well!
This professor is not as bad as he seems. He can be intimidating but he really wants his students to succeed. All tests are take home except for the final. I bombed the final and still got a C so I can't complain since Math is my weakest subject. He isn't hard to understand either, although he has an accent. I would recommend him.
She tells great stories from her childhood in Spain and she has a great sense of humor.
Her bark is worse than her bite. She scared the crap out of me at the beginning out of the class, but she's not bad at all - she's actually quite funny. Just be respectful and participate in class. I hope to have her again.
Great professor and a nice guy. I am not a math wiz by any means and I pulled of an A- in his class. Just listen and ask for help if needed. He does an EXCELLENT job in explaining 'difficult' concepts in a relatively easy and understandable way which i think is the best thing about him. If you suck at math and need STATS215, i recommend him
The guy really is a good prof. I'm terrible at math and left with a decent understanding of stats and SAS. Expect some work, but he grades fair, and the exams aren't too bad. Spend some time to make your assignments look good- it can get you extra credit. His accent is not bad. He's occasionally pretty funny.
No book for this course. Some test questions come out of no where. Overall i would say she is a pretty good teacher.
good prof, but you better go see him during office hours or he doesn't like you
he is a decent lab prof, nuts about safety, not very available for help though.
Lockerd is one of the better choices for Honors professors at GV. He has a great sense of humor and does what he can to make his lectures interesting and engaging. He does recognize the amount of work involved in honors and engineering, but that said, he absolutely expects you to read and study - he has little sympathy for slackers.
Funny! Knows how to lighten up a hard class. Likes to have fun, but knows his stuff and can expect a lot from his students. I would recommend him to anyone who isn't afraid of a little work, it's worth it!
Hey, all you people giving him bad scores... suck it up man. he's tough but he tries to be. the homework is pointless but its an easy A if you do it so just do it, your in college, act like it. lol, he is an a$$ but its funny.
Funny lady! A true professional. Wants you to do well. Is willing to take the time to help students and truly cares about their well being.Very passionate about what she does but still makes the class fun.Great prof!!
Great Prof! Loads of fun, VERY helpful...makes you want to come to class
Dr. Quarnstrom is a very good professor. I highly suggest pre-writing all the essays for the exams she is willing to read them and tell you what to add. This class was not difficult, she likes participation. As far as her politics go, she is pretty moderate in class, not leaning too far one way or the other. I would definitely recommend.
Good teacher. Knows her stuff. Provides detailed study guides for tests. Don't skip too many classes.
A pretty good teacher. He does lots of examples which really help, especially with the homework. Easy to understand and is really good at discussing general concepts and helping apply them to specific problems. I was worried at the beginning of the year about the no calculator rule, but the tests are set so that you don't need one. Good prof!
He's funny. Definitely a lecture-heavy class and the quizzes are in person, so it's important to attend. There are 2 exams, a weekly quiz, and a final paper. Tests are worded kind of funny, though, and a lot of the material is easy to mix up. I loved attending class but the testing and paper were a little challenging. Overall a good class, though.
I really liked taking Professor Scripps. He kept lecture interesting and I could tell he had a genuine interest in his students and wanted them to do the best they possibly could. Final grades aren't out yet, but I got an A or A-. This class is pretty difficult content-wise, so make sure you're keeping up with things and you will be alright!
Professor Lange is the most entertaining professor i have ever had. Always saying the hilarouis things in class . Not a difficult class if you keep up with the online sam projects. Lectures are pointless to go to besides the lab.
Great Prof. Take him if you can. Funny and helpful. Get homework done.
Good teacher, exams are tough
John's enthusiastic, knows his stuff, concerned with learning,best prof I've had
enthusiastic, tests rather hard, have to study def. for this class.
Dr. Henderleiter is so understanding and kind. The content is hard, but she is always willing to help if you reach out. I would email her and get a response pretty quickly with a long response, making sure I understood everything. She posts modules with lecture videos and some assignments, and those along with the quiz/test are due weekly.
Good Teacher, teaches the material repeatedly so you understand it. Quizzes are just like the hw, so DO THE HW and you'll do fine. Midterm he's throws you off a little, but study and pay attention and you will do fine. Visit his office hours, and work early on the maple project!! Good prof!. Dressing style rocks! Def bring bubbles to class :)
GREAT professor. A little mean, but its good for you. She'll teach you a lot.
She is a lot better professor than people say. She will give you help anytime.
wouldn't change anything learned a lot
Prof. Whit is a nice and funny guy--he has good stories and is a good teacher!
The best teacher I have had at Western by far, loves giving to her classes, not just advice, but donuts and suckers and**** like that too. She is really fun and even if you are shy and dont talk much, you will feel so comfortable in her class!!
Great professor, easy to meet with outside of class
Very nice, boring class if you aren't into ANT, those books suck, bring pillow..
Easy class, and interesting prof. Just don't take it at night.
I really enjoyed taking Yan. Interesting perspective on topics, open-minded with opinions (as long as you give them). Loves participation, 5 EASY hwks: 1 page each and credit is given if you do it. Tests are hard- use study guides, and ask questions. she really does want students to succeed.
Yen is one of the most passionnate and professional profs in the sociology department. She will do anything she can to help a student. You have to get used to the accent but she really makes it easy to think of her as an equal and not a superior.
Acc 310 is a very hard class and Danko knows that as she gives you many handouts to help with the content. This class is light on homework but in order to good on exams you need to study and practice a lot otherwise this class is impossible
Extremely rude and clearly has her favorites. Snapped whenever I would ask a question. It was a boring class to sit through with a lot of material that hardly relates to her ridiculous tests. Not recommended.
Gives good feedback. You really have to read up on the syllabus or you will fall behind on the essays. Professor White is one of the most lenient teachers on campus and she is really dedicated to her students. Just show the effort and drive and shell be willing to help out in anyway she can.
She loves writing and gets the material across but she is very abrasive and talks A LOT! Not good if you aren't an auditory learner.
Great teacher, always willing to help even at the last minute. Although she does repeat herself often, and makes you sleepy. She demands alot from her students and cares for them.
Leo's cool. If you have him read your papers b/f you hand them in, he'll bump up your grade. 3 essays for a final grade. but they're easy to write on. talk in class and your grade will be higher. =)
Paul created a really positive team feel in the class, and made it clear he was on our side. The ideas are abstract and thus hard to discuss, but one of the best elements of the class was the struggle to understand and demonstrate those concepts. Project instructions are confusing, but he'll review your ideas as much as you want before it's due.
She's a very good professor, very clear and funny. This was a pretty easy class, three exams and three quizzes. She's not that tough of a grader if you study your notes and read the pages she wants you to read. The material can be boring but she tries to make it more amusing. Overall, I would absolutely take her again, good class.
Easy Gen-Ed course with open note tests. Grade is only based on 3 tests and 2 assignments, though. She is a crazy lady... in a good way.
Dr. Hunt is the BEST professor I've had so far! She gives hard tests, but you'll do fine if you look through your notes and study!She will do anything in her power to make you understand the material. The one professor that is there for YOU not herself!
Professor Burns made online learning so easy! He was very organized and very understanding, the assignments and quizzes that were given were through Cengage and all were easily found on BB. Although there was a lot of material to read, the assignments and quizzes were easy and I learned a lot from this class even though it was all online.
I really loved this prof. He actually seemed to care about his students. Always asked me how I was everyday. Once I figured out the tests, I was able to get As everytime. He gives sample exams and study guides to study and once I learned how to use those it was a cake walk. His lectures are a little scattered, but it was important to go to class.
Professor Burns is a very kind man and he wants his students to do well. His tests are not unmanageable, although you should read the textbook. The only negative thing I could say is that he speaks so excitedly that sometimes it is too fast or too quiet to understand.
Difficulty: High - Homework: 1 paper/week - Exams: All MC. Questions are well written and intended to not be confusing - One of the best professors I've ever had. Papers are relatively short but he requires quite a bit of thought into each one. He's somewhat of an awkward genius but very willing to meet and help if you just ask.
trys to get to know each student, nice guy, tests are hard but class is worth it
Interesting course, easy exams. Overall, a nice guy.
makes the class fun. not too hard, just be prepared for work outside of class.
I would recommend him to anyone...really tries to make the class comfortable
Dr C is probably the best professor I have ever had. Don't be afraid of him, he loves when people come to see him for extra help! He doesn't take crap, though, so do the work and come to class always! If show that you are really trying, you will be rewarded!
Funny, FRESH prof! Knows his stuff. Don't be afraid of him, he won't bite!
Most hilarious professor I've ever taken!!! And the class super easy. Tests weren't too difficult and they were completely open noteopen book and the projects were practically given to you.
Go to class and actively pay attention and take notes. Lots of conceptual questions. When he repeats himself over and over- take note even if he sounds funny. Write down everything he says and study it. I got an A- without the book but he actively uses it during class.
Professor Tripp was very tough at the beginning of the sequence, but he had warned us about it. He is very specific in the kind of writing he expects from students, but going to office hours is helpful. He also lets you do rewrites for papers. Second semester honors was way better! I enjoy the class and the books we read are very good as well.
Great professor. Knowledgeable, helpful, and very funny. Strict on attendance, like most history profs. Takes papers seriously, and a thoughtful critical grader. Expects student participation. You'll work hard, but he's well worth the effort
Goes off on some crazy tangents once in a while. When he comes back he is a really intelligent guy. Good class.
great teacher and very nice! take her if you can!
I don't think the woman could be any clearer if she tried. She had mandatory attendence so if you already know everything it's not fun, but if you just don't get math she's really good.
I took BIO 121 lecture online with Professor Simon. The class consisted of watching 3-6 lecture videos each week, a quick and easy Mastering Biology assignment, and usually a short test over that week's material. As long as you watch all lectures and do all assignments you should be fine. The class is very test heavy. She seems nice though!
Morgan makes the class interesting and relates topics to current events. Very nice guy.
While i have no interest in science, i did very well in this class. He is entertaining and goes over material well. While attendence isnt mandatory, going and taking good notes and doing the study guides will make the class pretty easy, Labs suck though! but i defintiely recommend this professor!
She is hilarious and knowledgeable about the subject. My only complaint was that it was too easy because there was no real challenge, just a lot of insightful tips for communicating in the professional world. She has a great personality and I suggest taking her.
Being a heterosexual individual in a class full of mostly homosexuals, I learned a lot about a homosexual lifestyle. This class did not make me feel uncomfortable, but informed me on issues related to the topic. I really enjoyed this class. It is a great class for future educators or people who are interested in a understanding LGBT
Milt Ford is the nicest teacher you could ever possibly have. Just pay some attention, do some readings, participate and learn a little something, and you will do well.
This class was nice to go to at the end of the day b/c it was EASY. I still learned a lot though, so that's why Ford is my hero.
I was so scared to take this class, but Prof. Ford made it great! He's easy to understand, interesting and funny. He substituted projects for 2 tests and they were SO easy! Sit up front, make comments and do your reading and you'll be golden!
Very easy class his lectures arent the best but if you pay attention and study what you are supposed to you should have no problems with this class
He's so nice and easy to talk to, class went by so fast. It's a nice, comfortable environment which makes speaking in French easier. Take him if you can!
Mr. Golembeski cares about his students and he really enjoys teaching and talking, boy does he love to talk. That's a good thing though, its great to have open dialogues with your profs. He is recommended very much.
Nice, interesting guy...not so clear...you'll do fine if you come to class
If you didn't learn anything, then you don't recognize genius and are a fool
Yes, he was a boring lecturer, but he did have a very good grip on his subjects and he was extremely helpful to me. The work he gave us was very hard to do and he was a little demanding, but he brought out the best I had to give.
I almost forgot it was an english class (Lit resp to death), but I guess she is entitled to grade grammatical errors since she is an ENG prof. I just didnt expect it with this theme course. She is an intriguing teacher, and open to new ideas. If you work hard, she will reward you. She also appreciates involvement and discussion.
Dr. Cain was definitely one of the best professors I have had. Going in with a moderate interest in the subject, I found this class to be very engaging. Two big papers (he makes it clear what and will work with you) and no exams. I wouldn't say it was easy, but it was very manageable. Highly recommended for the investigative lab requirement.
Prof Carlson is very smart and knows his chemistry!This class has been easier than I anticipated, although it's still a challenge. I go to tutoring once a week, read the book, and study my notes, and I have been doing just fine. He gives lots of review questions before every exam, so do them! It's a difficult subject regardless. He's a great prof.
Huge dork but he knows what he's talking about. Willing to help students out if you have questions. Exams are hard, expect to study a ton and even then, he throws some hard questions in there. Discussion quizzes are not hard. you should be able to get 100 on every one. The book is useless. Didn't use it at all.
Quirky kinda guy but knows his stuff really well. Drew analogies to the material a monkey could follow. Tests and quizes ok. If you take him, make sure you ask questions if you are unsure of something. He will try to help you.
She is very sweet and knows and cares a lot about what she teaches. She is a tough grader, but it is only ever writing assignments. Class can be slow at times but the in class assignments are super easy. If she knows you and you appeal to her interests then she will really like you. Class can also have good discussions.
Do the readings, test are simple, however--tutoring project is impossible to get a good grade on
great teacher, good class
Its like heaven has touch down on Earth! She is a completely different teacher now. I almost cried when I had to retake her again for a new nursing class. Her new teaching style now makes her one of the best. I feel confident that I can write a paper with my eyes closed & trust thats big for me to say. If you plan to go to grad school TAKE HER!
difficult class but you will pass, find someone who took it already and you will be well off. Don't take if not required. Cool teacher, kinda cute.
Take this class, even though hes a little weird it is so easy to get an A. Tests are simple and if you participate in class he will love you.
Weird guy, but easy class. Explains things well. Class moves really slow. Take notes, do the work, and it's an easy A. As others have said, don't buy the book. You'll never use it.
Knows his stuff, but tends to wander a lot. Put me to sleep often.
Exams are really hard and tricky. But she is really funny and witty,so that gets you through the long lecture. She loves geology and it shows. I wouldn't recommend taking this class if you're not a science person. Take it only if you need it.
One of the best professors I ever had. I am still inspired by him more than 15 years later. As a college teacher myself I could only strive to be half as good as him.
Awesome class, you will learn a lot from this one. Great attitude towards the subject and makes the classroom a fun environment. Definately worth taking.
Dr. Bailey is the hilarious! This class however was exceptionally hard. You are only graded on 6 things. She uses a lot of past experience in her lectures and goes off on a tangent easily. Her power points aren't clear, they are choppy & hard to understand, but if you want a class where you will laugh a lot, take the Department Head, Dr. Bailey!
Very passionate about what she teaches. Personal stories make the class very interesting. It is not a very challenging class, but you will still learn a great deal if this subject is new to you.
Sweet lady, my friend found her rude, but I found her very willing to help. Take advantage of the notes she mentions are online. The clicker quizzes can really help your grade, so do well on them! I would recommend this class for a breadth requirement, it is pretty straight forward.
Take this class online for an easy A. The tests are extremely easy multiple choice, and the online lectures are not terribly hard to sit through compared to some other online classes. Don't bother buying the book. Just take notes while you watch the lectures and go over them before exams and you'll do great.
I absolutely love Professor Smith, she is super kind, very interesting to have as a professor. I had her for PSY 381 and was obsessed with the class. The material is a little tough but I would recommend her and the class again.
Prof. Smith is bubbly and cheerful all the time. Very helpful and if you like the material very interesting. There were only 2 exams, it would have been more helpful if there had been 3 to break it up a little. There were some fun and easy writing assignments, and a paper 7-9 pages. Not a lot of work but her exams are difficult.
Research methods is no fun. Professor Smith makes it a little less unbearable, but I still found it challenging. She tries to make herself available outside of class, and gives her students practice problems in class. She is flexible with the syllabus and due dates as well.
I loved Avis as a professor! She talks super fast but is such a cute little lady. As long as you do the assignments and put some work into them, you'll be set! Can't wait to take another class with her in the winter!
Brilliant, funny, entertaining, and super-helpful. Talk to her, get to know her, go to her for help, and you'll learn tons.
Best English prof I have had. She is brilliant and will teach and help you a whole lot if you only ask.
I would take her again! She didn't grade papers as hard as I had heard (just make sure your grammar and machanics are good). Go to class, read all the texts, put some effort into learning authors and titles and the final is easy.
Great professor! Tough grader, but makes class fun. Loves to laugh and tell jokes. One of the most genuinely nice people you will ever meet. Stick with her, it's worth it.
will go out of her way to help you. fast paced class. do work=good grade
She's a very nice teacher, and teaches very well. Take her or Paul Stephenson.
I liked professor Rhoads alot. He was very helpful and his grading was pretty easy. Class was a little boring at times but if you participate he'll notice. Assignments were easy for the most part.
Overall a great teacher. Classes are a little slow, but not too hard and he doesn't demand an overwhelming amount of work. Nothing intimidating about him.
Prof Rhoads is a little vague at times, but he gives extra credit and is a really nice and funny guy. The class wasn't what I had expected, though. I expected a systematic, scientific approach to religon. He likes to explore the softer side...boring.
Great class, great techer, lots of extra credit.
really nice guy, very sof spoken. hard to focus in class,
Prog Reimersma was a great guy. He knows and LOVES what he is talking about. I really have to interest in geology but he made it fun. Test van be a challenge. I am a straight A student andgot B's on the tests but got an A in the class. He offers lots of extra credit. Attendance not madatory but he has pop assignments which help raise grades so go!
Very nice guy, easy class if you hate GEO classes, let you do extra credit
Real nice guy that takes time to learn students names. Very helpful and can do some amazing math. Definitely knows his stuff. Sometimes wording on exams can be confusing, but otherwise is a good teacher.
His class was so easy. Makes for a great upper lever Econ elective if you're in need. Don't buy the book! I never did and got a B+ without it. His lectures get boring, but he's really helpful and doesn't move on unless everyone is getting it. Overall he's definitely a pretty great professor. By far the most painless Econ class I've ever endured
uuuhhh...you'll be better off if you read the book instead of going to lectures...uumm..uuhhh
Harvey is a great guy. He always offered help to those that needed it. I should have taken up that offer, haha.
I liked the guy as a person. As a teacher, he is a bit all over the place. He uses examples that are just wrong. But, he knows his Psych and cares about his students. For an intro class, it was pretty good.
Great Professor. Makes the class interesting and relates topics to the real world. Just make sure to do the weekly reports.
Dr. Browning is one of the sweetest professors I've had. Even though he is boring and long winded during class, he seems to enjoy meeting with students, whether it's to talk about the class or just life. Be prepared to work though, it's not an easy ride.
Every class you will have a two page homework assignment which isn't that bad really just tedious. Two exams and a final but he gives you the exams from the semester before and a lot of the information can be memorized. Show up, just sit there and you can get a decent grade with not too much effort.
Seidman is probably one of the best professors I've had as an Econ major, despite the fact he's pretty liberal. The homeworks definitely help as do office hours. He actually cares about his students, can't say that about many others. He gives you old exams too. He actually sang "The Taxman" once in class, kind of funny.
Seidman's a really good guy. He is really helpful in office hours. In class, he really tries to get people involved, ask us questions and when we answer we always had to say our name first. One time in class he sang "Taxman" by the Beatles, HILARIOUS. Tests are hard and long though, everyone in the class didnt finish till the very end.
Excellent class. I took this during summer and it actually made me want to get up in the morning. He makes you feel good about doing the work and being in groups is a blast. He grades rather easily and his tests are pretty easy as long as you study a bit. Show up to every class or you will have a hard time. Nice guy.
Tests cover lecture material and you get points just for showing up to the labs. Although there is a lot of material and I didn't want to take the class I ended up finding it really interesting and managed to do better than I thought I would .. showing up is key
I learned a lot from Andrea, especially considering I learned so little bio in highschool.
A good teacher, and a little caffiene-addicted. He looks down at his cup when he's finished his coffee with a mournful face, as if wondering where it went. Do and understand the exercises and you'll do fine.
The PUN MASTER! Ok, so he uses bad puns a lot, but still, he's great. His classes are fun and you learn a lot.
This teacher is great. She is fun and entertaining, while at the same time knows her stuff. This class is mostly a review of the last few semesters, so it could get boring, but this teacher keeps it interesting!
Dennis is an outstanding person and a great professor. Those who don't learn anything from him simply aren't listening. Lectures and tests are primarily from the book but his lectures drive the point home. He is incredibly thoughtful and sensitive to the needs of his students.
Dr. Groh is a very nice person and is always there for you. Go to her office hours as much as possible, it never hurts and they really helped me. You NEED to look at the old exams she posts online and be ready to study for the tests. The point recapture on the final really helps, so overall if you work hard you can get a decent grade.
Groh is great. She loves chem and wants you to love it too. Her class is VERY VERY challenging, but it helps you do well. The problem sets are time consuming, but are also crucial to success in the class. Large emphasis on group work and overall comprehension of the material.
Dr. Wu is soft-spoken, but very knowledgeable about linguistics. He assigns a lot of homework, and is fair in grading. He gives good feedback. His lectures are hard to follow for some. He only tests on what is covered in class. He responds to email very quickly. He connects what you learn to the real world often, and repeats concepts so they stick.
He speaks quietly, which can make it difficult if you sit in the back, but he really knows his stuff! Wonderful pedagogy, fun and always cheerful.
Each week has a HW, and you can't do them if you miss a lecture. So get ready to work hard for the class. On the plus side, the instructor is giving you what is needed to get a good grade. Just attend all the lectures. Class is hard.
best prof. ive ever taken. course work is difficult to understand, but he walks you through it. great guy, great sense of humor, time in class flies by. don't really need to buy the books, since he covers it all in class. be ready to work.
LOVE HIM!! this class is informative, easy to follow and just wonderful! Definitely take it if you can. He is so helpful and if you put some effort into the class you will get at least a B but probably an A. He made me decide to add a Food and Resource Marketing and Management minor. two thumbs wayyyy up!
Doonan is a good professor, hes very clear of what is going to be on the exams. There are 3-4 pop quizzes, but if youre paying attention in class you should do fine on them. (5 questions) you watch 4 films in class & hes very knowledgeable. Pay attention & you should be fine.
I took his online class during the summer and it was alright. If you read your material you'll do good on the quizes. There were only 3 tests but they were really easy. If your confused on the short essay's you can always contact him and ask, he is really good at answering back.
I really wish i put more effort into his class because it would of been an Easy A but with a difficult semester, pulling through with a B was pretty satisfying. If you study more than whats on the Study Guide, you'll do really well. And he's great with questions and concerns about grades. He has great lectures and loves feedback from students.
He has a great personality and sense of humor. However, he can be very confusing when he teaches and he writes all over the place. That's why you can use your notes for your exams, and if you go talk to him, he explains everything perfectly. Overall, great prof!
I don't know why he's getting such harsh feedback. He's a great educator. If he is tough, it is because he is preparing you to teach in a classroom. I don't want the teachers of our youth to be dumb dumbs so I'm glad this ISN'T an easy A class.
I like means, just contribute and FOLLOW the rules. If you do that he'll be very kind to you, no cellphones/quiet when he's talking/participate. I didn't crack the text book, but did the assignments and everything was fine. He was even flexible with due dates and always got back to my e-mails and questions quickly, I really liked him.
He kind of scared me at first, but he warmed up to me. The essays for the portfolios make a big difference in his grading. His directions are unclear sometimes in what he expects out of his students. He loves teaching and if you are in his class act like you do too, even if you are only mildly interested in the topic for the day.
Very professional and serious educator. Grades on a curve. Common sense prevails in his classes. He is very dry, but makes you think about WHY you think how you do. I've taken 2 of his classes and would take more.
Rodell is awesome. I wasn't very good at the math parts of the course but he's super helpful. And you get to go to the zoo in this class!
He's a good prof. Very helpful and excited about teaching. Sometimes he is difficult to listen to and his classes are not very exciting at times.
He's was a great professor and was always there to answer any questions.
If you don't have previous coding experience then this class will be require more effort. There are 4 projects that aren't difficult, but they are very time consuming. You must do the projects to his exact specs .There is only 2 exams, a midterm and final, they are very hard. There are a few pop quizzes and they are a little easier than the exams.
I had a REAL hard time w/ this class. But I went to office hours n showed effort so that's probably how I passed. Addo's a great prof. n actually cares about students. I would definitely take him.
Easier than the other 315 teacher. Test are hard, you better study hard or you can just ask someone from the other section, same test. He get sick easily, so spread them germs and get days off!!!!
I took this class online and it was pretty simple. The lectures can be long but interesting and are needed for the quizzes after. If you manage to do one of the lessons each week, you can finish early. There are also a few papers and activities along the way, which were graded pretty harshly by the TAs. He also offers extra credit!
It wasn't what i expected but i ended up enjoying this class and learning a lot. He hates it if people miss class.Has study sessions before tests, if you go to them you will get a A on the tests. PLus he has a cute accent that makes lecture more interesting
He makes Thermodynamics pretty easy to learn. He goes step by step assuming you know nothing, and covers all of the basics. You'll have to learn outside of class, but he gives you everything you need to know. He uses an online simulation called Test Calcs, use it to check your work but don't rely on it.
AMAZING TEACHER! The class is difficult but she is the best teacher for linguistics 420. She schedules review times before the tests. Tests are extremely fair. Grade is based on three tests only and attendance is MANDATORY!!
This class is pretty easy. You have about 45 minutes of work a week and don't actually have to do any of the readings to do pretty well. Do not expect to get an A. The class is a relatively easy B, just do the work. The TA (Appelhans) was really knowledgable and a really good guy. Take this class for an easy B and an interesting breadth requirement
Good teacher. She knows what she's talkin about and she lets you out 30-45 mins early sometimes since the class is really long. I would recommend her but BOY oh BOY is she strict when it comes to grading. You better learn to write QUICKLY
Very nice woman. Like a grandmother. She will help you with your papers for your entire college career. You have to take ENG110, so take it with Bunnell.
research methods can only be so much fun. i feel i learned a considerable amount and the class wasnt bad at all. the class doesnt have a lot of structure to it. but you have plenty of time to prepare for any assignments or tests once the dates are decided. i personaly thought dr. makepeace was a good professor.
For a physics professor, this guy is a lot of fun. Very charismatic and laid-back. His lectures were interesting and informative enough to keep my attention. Gives out practice tests which are very similar to the actual tests. Recommended.
Pretty good teacher. He has a good knowledge of the material. I think I learned more concepts from the TA than I did him though. Interested class however. I'd take him again.
The class overall is very easy, especially if you have taken MISY160. She gives a lot of assignments and many of them are worth less than one percentage point. Some of the more heavily weighted projects are pretty difficult, but they can be done in groups and she will answer emails and help in office hours. The computer tests were easy A's.
She is a good, professional teacher who is always prepared for class. I found that she was very willing to work with students. The lengthy projects can be tedious sometimes.
one of the easies classes ever, she'll help you with the projects if you just ask, so ez
Russ is a great history professor. His lectures are most often interesting even though its history. 3 exams are the only things for this course. Graded easy. Final is not cumulative. Take this class if you can for a breadth.
He is such a great professor. His class is actually interesting and he is funny too! I definitely recommend it except the TA's grade the work and they grade harsh.
AWESOME class. some people may be worried about the 3 exams being essay but they were cake. he makes the lectures interesting, keeps your attention, and the exams have no tricks. the material is easy to take in and this was a great class. One of the best teachers I have had so far at UD. TAKE HIM!
One of the smartest men you will ever talk to. He admitted at the begining of his class that he did not care whether you were there or not. He wanted students who wanted to learn. At first the class had around 37 people. At the end of the quarter only 7 remained. It was one of the best classes I ever took.
i had him for exitentalism, he is a cutting edge teacher and hes pretty funny. Although he wonders with the topic at times. I just sat there and got a B. So all you need to do is realx and be there.
Good professor, very nice and cared about the students. It was made up of 3 large papers and 5 in-class responses, on top of class discussion. Grades a bit tough, and sometimes the class felt like a history course, but it was an alright class. He has some outlandish choices in literature and articles, though. Avoid if you don't like reading + disc.
Awesome guy! you read four novels in class, he's pretty fair about time given and gives you the topic you will have to write about in class ahead of time. He realizes the topics aren't interesting and is really kind about due dates, etc. He is easy to talk to and super helpful...definitely cares about his students!
It's a really interesting class and you learn much more from it than just the ideas behind the stories. He's very helpful,clear with his objectives and incredibly engaging to listen to. I recommend this class whole-heartedly.
An awesome prof! knows his stuff and makes class interesting!
If she's teaching a literature class you need, def take her. She made these poems kind of interesting and I hate poetry. She basically explains exactly what you need to know for tests. just show up, do the work and you will get an A. And participate! She loves people who actually take part in the class,
Very good teacher, not difficult to understand (English), goes slower than chem 105, study, you'll do well
Ziembo-Vogl is opinionated and it comes through in her teaching, so if you don't actually have interest in the course topic, you probably wont succeed in this course. I hate writing, but I had interest in the topics and I did well. All exams are essays, but topics come directly from her notes and the book. Make sure to read them over!
JZV is easily one of the best professors i've ever had. Extremely interesting material+lectures, and alot of notes to ensure your understanding. Be sure to do study guides for tests, shes pulls numerous questions from them (it was written by her) She's extremely passionate about her teachings, but does not care if you fail. I would recommend her!!
hes a great lecturer. i was always engaged in class. he explains concepts very well. his tests are very difficult but the class was curved so even though i bombed the first two midterms i still ended with an A-
Gaut paired with Summers is a good combo for Evolutionary Biology. I didn't think I'd enjoy the class as much as I did, but it was worth taking (even if you're not required to, like Nursing Sci majors). Gaut is very passionate and he's very friendly and helpful at office hours. I'd take his class again, but I think he's not teaching next year.
Gaut paired with Summers is a good combo for Evolutionary Biology. I didn't think I'd enjoy the class as much as I did, but it was worth taking (even if you're not required to, like Nursing Sci majors). Gaut is very passionate and he's very friendly and helpful at office hours. I'd take his class again, but I think he's not teaching next year.
Good guy, Hard class but good teacher.
Mazz defianately knows everything there is to know about acct, can tell he loves his job. He gives you all the answers on the quizzes, but flies through the material like no other. He's hilarious, good sense of humor. Hard material but he'll take the time to explain it outside of class if you need it. SI leader was really good too.
pretty much a self-taught class. Test are super easy with a huge curve. Read over the sample exams before and you'll get an A.
Intro class so its very easy and kinda dumb. He is pretty good. Starts out every class with a joke. Sometimes they're funny. Overall decent
I took an online class with Terry and found his lecture videos super easy to follow. The homework was the exact same as the test so if you do the homework you should be good.
Very good teacher and knows what he is talking about. He does go over the material very fast and his notes can be difficult to understand but he posts them online for review if you fall behind. His tests are hard but going over the practice tests makes them much easier. Class is mandatory but don't buy the book.
Good teacher. He rarely uses the text, but instead gives awesome notes in class to use. He will also give random quizzes throughout the semester so come to class. Otherwise, his tests were pretty easy and he's a fun lecturer.
if you have any intelligence at all the pace can be painstakingly slow at times, but it is nice to see a prof who caters to liberal arts majors and their stupid questions. show up, take notes, and study the night before the tests and youll get a good grade.
He is the BEST! I loved his teaching style! I ended up with like a 98 in this class!
I'll be honest: You either love Bethea or you hate him. I loved him and his classes. He inspired me. His classes are a combination of literatue and current events, which I find interesting. I wish I could take more classes with him. However, if you oppose his values DO NOT TAKE. He shouts about them a lot. I love it, but a lot of people drop it.
AWESOME professor, very enthusiastic about subject, veers off course at times... but great guy, WILL LEARN A LOT.
Mousy person. Knows what he is talking about. Best part was the handouts.
He does try projects in class - it is not straight lecture. However, the lectures are dry. Take-home essay exams, so you don't need to read the chapters. Ho-hum class.
Really knowledgable man, he know his history! Do not tak ethis class if you think you can miss class and still get a good grade! Note taking is crucial to learning and passing this class. He makes the material interesting, and he gives great study guides letting you know exactly what you need to learn. I found the textbook unneccessary.
His lectures can be a bit boring but he adds some interesting insight and applicable real-life examples. He can also be pretty funny (at times) but you got to get his sense of humor (and appreciate his passion of economics). Anyways, if you read the book and go to lectures, you don't have to study that much.
It's 5:19am and I've been working on this term project FOREVER!! Get the picture. If you do decide to take the class, ask him about starting the project when there are 6 weeks left in class instead of 3 or 4. That way you can figure out as much econometrics/statistics as needed.
Many people found his Microeconomics lectures boring, but I enjoyed them.
Had him for OCHEM II. He's a tough professor, but keep in mind OCHEM II will be tough with anyone. As far as developing a real understanding of organic chemistry and why it is important for graduate learning coupled with developing a passion for learning; he's one of the best professors out there. But make no mistake. It's never easy, not even a B.
Great professor and guy. Uptight in lecture, but very personal and helpful outside of class. Expects a lot from his students, but it benefited us greatly. By far one of the smartest profs I've ever had. He drops an exam and counts the final as 2 if it will help your grade. A great prof, and one I would love to have again for OChem 2.
Dr. Grabowski teaches O-Chem, it isn't going to be easy. Yes his tests are difficult but they are extremely predictable- look at the previous years tests. He allows you to drop a midterm and gives ~30 extra credit points. His class is not hard to do well in if you put in the time. I would definitely take Dr. Grabowski again.
Gives partial credit on tests. Exams reflected questions on the homework and notes. Had some tricks for solving problems that weren't in the book. A nice guy with a sense of humor..."If you can't do foil method by now, GO HOME." Show up to class, take notes, do your homework correctly, and you should be fine. Recommended.
Overall, good professor.
This is a very challenging class but he tries his best to make sure people understand the material, even though it can be very confusing at times. Very good teacher, i reccondmend that you take him.
Very easy to listen to
Professor Hahn is a very intelligent guy. His class consists of mainly exams but he lets you substitute two essay for two exams and the study questions for the exams are given at least a week before. He's also very approachable so always feel free to talk to him if you need help. A really great professor!
A lot of people dont like Dr. Delgado because of the amount of work she assigns but, every single thing she assigned had a purpose. I feel so much better prepared after her class and i dont regret taking it at all. The other common complaint is her personality. She is a sassy gal, so if you cant take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
This teacher is very straightforward. She gives very clear notes, which is exactly where the info for the test comes from. Weekly reading quizzes aren't hard either, but you have to read the chapter.
This class can be interesting if you don't take it at 8:00am. She gives you several options for projects and the psychological disorders game was awesome. There is more reading in this class than a person is actually capable of, so be selective. Ask questions and never miss class. She respects those who respect her time.
I loved having Dr. Rodgers for Chem II. He was very helpful and did everything he could to make sure everyone could learn and understand the material. His tests weren't bad as long as you study and he gave a TON of bonus which was awesome. He made himself available to students as much as possible and would answer all questions. Great professor!
By far the smartest history professor I have had. Ive always hated history courses but he made me really interested in what we were learning. Theres a lot of reading and the quizzes and exams are ALL writing, no multiple choice. PPTs don't have any words and aren't posted online so you have to actively listen to get any use out of the lectures.
Overall an interesting class. The class is lecture everyday with a few papers and two tests. Dr. Bowler expects a lot on the tests but I always enjoyed his lectures.
Good teacher-all he does in class is talk and show slides of pictures, but he is still very intelligent. Do the readings because you will be tested on them. Even if you just skim them, you'll be ifne because if oyu know what the readings about, you can use your knowledge from class
If you're a freshman, I don't suggest taking him, he is known for being hard.
You need to memorize all of his drawings and diagrams.
Easy A? no...but if you study you can do well. Be sure you know EVERYTHING on the notes. No out of class assignments except listening to some songs! Pretty fun but it gets old by the end of the semester!
Funny, but an early riser. Prepare to read a lot, and some pop quizzes are easier than others. He's actually such a little pumpkin. I don't mind him, but sometimes I feel like it is his opinion or the highway. I learned a lot.
hes boring, but she's just so darned friendly... lol @ abduction comment, he is way out there for sure, but if you just talk in class he'll fall in love with you practically. hes a civil war buff too.
He's so funny! Good professor, but the accent can be a bit hard to follow.
He's a really nice guy, and accepts some homeworks late, though his teaching style of using only examples and skipping steps, especially when it comes to integration, can be confusing. Go to his office hours on Group Projects; he's really helpful.
Class was Philosophy of Love. The only grade we had was our papers. The lowest grade I ever saw was a B+. She is very flexible with due dates as well. I loved how she would always show clips of movies at the end of class. While her talking is sometimes monotonous, she is a very intelligent a interesting teacher.
Professor Aldrete is the best! I have always hated history, but his classes are so enjoyable. Mutiple choice exams are easy if you take good notes and come to class. Aldrete is Amazing!
Prof Aldrete was a very helpful and understandable prof. I accidently showed up to class late to a quiz and he still allowed me to take it after class that kind of understanding that life does happen is hard to find in professors and i greatly appreciated that. He is a good guy take his class you'll learn alot and its interesting the way helectures
Great teacher! Loved what he teaches, and makes it clear in his lectures with what he wants you to know for the exam. However, students need to go to class and be attentive, you also need to read the little stories 4 the quizes & exams (theyre easy though, no worries). Hes funny, energetic,interesting; probably my favorite professor so far.
Extremely sweet women. Very helpful if you have any questions. I've stayed after class many times to clarify something if I didn't understand in class. I'll try to take every english class from her.
The class wasn't that much fun, but she is a really nice lady, and tried to help us with our writing by allowing us to turn our papers in before the final one was due, and she would edit them. She also had us do peer editing. Overall, the class isn't the greatest but she is cool.
Wolff is a good teacher, but a hard grader. She lets you re-submit papers to improve, that's one good thing about her class
I was terrified to take this class after reading reviews but I'm glad I did. He is passionate, very clear, few papers for homework and rarely refers to book, and xams are straightforward. HOWEVER, he is rude via email, rarely lets discussion out on time, and goes off on tangents. Take this class if you have him for discussion/dont take if online.
This professor will take time out of his busy schedule to help you out. He wants everyone to succeed, and he means it when he tells you to "stop by my office sometimes". He is open-minded and not afraid to talk about his personal life. He remembers what you say and who you are, and he will ask for your opinion in class. Very personable.
I had her for British Lit. Not a bad class, she was very nice and very helpful. The class required a couple of short papers, and a take home final. Also, we had to do a group project, overall an easy A.
long, tedious lectures, uses the notes that came with the textbook...I can't stress enough going to his office hours, not the greatest lecturer in a large lecture hall setting, but he's extremely helpful and willing to help one-on-one or in small groups.
Class was definitely easy...don't even bother going to class it will just put you to sleep. As long as you get notes off webct and every once and a while pick up the textbook you'll do fine. Nice teacher...reminds me of a cowboy
definitely boring, but the easiest A ever!
Has a "tough" exterior at first because she wants students to take her seriously despite her youth and beauty. But once past that, she is extremely sweet and helpful. She grades a bit tough on papers, but she gives a clear rubric beforehand. Her tests can be worded strangely, but if you took notes, you should do fine. Overall, a good professor.
I struggled thru PS103. Thought this class was going to be hard. EASIEST class ever. She dumbs down everything so you can easily understand it. But go to class or you will have a difficult time.
Dr. Park was one of my favorite math teachers. I had to retake this class and did it over the summer. It was really simple as long as you study and do your homework. Expect daily quizzes if not weekly quizzes. But overall a great class.
I took this as an online summer course. I was nervous to take this class after reading the syllabus but it was really more of a guide. She's very flexible and caring. Just make sure to do the readings/ read the handouts (esp marek) and follow all of her instructions. She lays out everything you need to do well, you just have to do it
Her class is always energetic and fun to be in. A great professor!
Overall nice guy and thorough in his lectures. Puts everything on the review sheet, making studying much harder, as you don't know what will actually be on the test. In-class assignments are random. If you miss class you won't know you missed an assignment until he gives it back, at which point he says it's too late to make it up.
Definitely a class that you must be interested in to do well in. I loved it & sometimes the lectures flew by! She's a very tough grader which was stressful & quizzes/ exams are packed with information, but if you take notes in class & attend regularly, you will have all of the information. Overall, a sweet lady who's passionate about her job!
A wonderful, intelligent man. Best advisor I've ever had. His "Human Nature" course is absolutely wonderful and his insights will surely open your mind. Don't let his stubborn, pugnacious demeanour get to you, he's just a sheep in wolf's clothing. Not a difficult marker, but expects a certain level of, not necessarily intelligence, but effort from his students. If you're just lazy, you won't do well.
really awesome guy and has a great sense of humor. you can really learn a lot from him, but your mind does wander sometimes when he goes off on tangents.
Will is a great teacher for calculus especially if you've never had it before. His teaching style is slightly unorthodox, since it focuses on group work for every class session. However, it's a really effective way to study for a very demanding class. Overall, I highly recommend him.
Had Mr. Bialas for marketing. Loved it. He has a lot of experience and definitely makes the world of marketing seem exciting and encourages thinking. Great course. Be sure to keep up with the reading but the book is great and worth keeping even after the semester is through.
He's a good professor, he's not a nice person unfortunately. Learned a lot from this class, the lectures are good and the material is went over well. He does quizzes every day of class so beware of that. Dude is really uncaring about his students, it got on my nerves very fast. Often cusses in class, I don't care much abt it but someone might.
Professor Gomez is an excellent teacher , if you work hard and ask him questions there is no way you can't make an A in his class. The exams are open ended so even if you answer a question partially right he'll give you points for it. I took the winter mini session & loved it. He gives extra credit and work sheets daily to help you out!
he's very funny and it makes you look forward to going to his class.
I took his Finite and Business Calculus class. 40% of grade is IN CLASS QUIZES! so easy, go to class= pass class. Got A's on both of his classes. I loved his class, he is a traditional professor and sometimes thats a good thing, he knows what he is talking about. He gives extra credit. Would recommend always to anyone!
He is the best math teacher I have ever had. He explains everything and makes you practice so you are ready for the exams. I took him for both finite and calculus.
great teacher! all you have to do is: speak up in class, talk about news worthy events, take notes and review them do those things and you should make an A! :]
great teacher! just speak up in class and tell news worthy events. Make sure you take notes and study you should make an A
I loved her, she is so LOVABLE and CARING! She will help anyone, all you have to do is ask. Pay attention to her lectures. She makes English easy!
She is a nice teacher. she is so funny you will stay luaghing. When she talks alot hte class can get boring. She lays out the material well. you know exactly what she wants.
The class is interesting, however, it's SO much work. You need to be on top of things & you cannot slack off. Watch the movies, they're easy points. There are probably easier pathways to take, but this one was very interesting & I learned a lot. JB is passionate about what he does & wants his students to learn. He gives lots of point opportunities.
Good teacher, Huge class size is a massive negative, but he did the best he could. Always was entertaining.
Excellent professor. Very helpful, very interesting in class. Slackers will not do well, though.
Really nice, provides notes that prepare you for exams. Let's out class early a lot and gives plenty of extra credit opportunities. Learned a lot in his class.
Very good and straightforward professor. The book is your lifeline in the class, since he uses it to tell you exactly whats on the exam so make sure you buy it. We always got out early and the exams weren't that bad as long as you studied for them. Curves heavily.
Wow, i LOVE this man. He got me thinking so much about the world around me! And he gave out study guides the week before tests with all of the exact questions off the tests. Listen in class and take notes, know the essay questions he gives you and you will do well. You really dont have to read.
Very clear and helpful professor. The exams were very straightforward and similar to practice problems. The assignments were difficult and time consuming. Ended up with an A in the class.
Kydd makes it easy to do well in this class. The material can be dry, but if you start day dreaming, the slides and audio of the lecture are posted online. You can bring in 4 pages of notes to each exam. Exams mirror homework assignments, as longs as you co do those, you can do the exam. No cumulative final. Extra credit offered.
Easy class. Dr. Colton is an excellent teacher, but don't expect any real-life examples in his class. Too theoretical for engineering students. However, he is really nice (and funny) and he genuinely wants every single student to understand the material. Ask him to tell stories!
Love this class! It's really eye-opening. Easy A if you show up to class and do the assignments ( you get 3 free absents )if you miss more you can make them up easily.
This Professor was awesome. Easy "A". Go to class. He'll tell you a story that he is passionate about. Try to understand and remember the story. Take a test. Walk away with an "A" without cracking a book.
Great class and professor. He has a pretty strong accent, so listen carefully. 3 multiple choice and True/False exams. He grades on a curve, as long as you do the study guides and read some of the required texts an A or B is possible. Class is very interesting and relevant to San Diego and our bordering Mexican cities.
He's a cool professor, class was interesting take it and learn something
I found the class to be difficult considering I'm not a math person whatsoever. His tests are rather tough and I felt a lot of practice was needed. He makes a good attempt trying to make the class fun by using lots of humor and helps anyway he can. Overall, good instructor. Just not the class for me
Myabe the reason why everyone is afraid of Roger is because he is truly a theatre guy. Very eccentric, yes, but a good man and an honest professor. Grading can be difficult but hey, WE ARE IN COLLEGE. Drop out if you can't handle it. He is a great artist and is trying to entice others to love it too
With out a doubt one of the most brilliant minds at the university. He is the heart of the Ceramics program at edinboro, without him the program will die. Although he talks too much he is mostlikely the most knowledgable ceramicist in the WORLD!
I suggest taking this class only if you are prepared to work hard. Read the material WHEN ASSIGNED!!Come in with questions prepared. He a an amazing teacher, but it is by far the most difficult Class i have ever taken. be prepared a large number of books are required for this class.
Extremely helpful if you ask for help. Attend class, read the assignments and participate in class. Would take any of his classes again.
Dr. Bemko is a very challenging professor. He injects his strange sense of humor into his lectures, while remaining informational and interesting. He really isn't all that bad of a guy and only seems to be smarter than students, because he is so well educated. Read the texts, go to him for help and you'll do well.
LOVE THIS CLASS AND SHE WAS A GREAT HELP
She is a great professor. She really wants you to succeed and do well. Tests were a bit difficult for me. I realized too late that you should do the reading and review guide as you talk about it in class each week, not save it for the week before. After that, I took my test average from a B- to an A. Very friendly, I would recommend her!
She is a very good teacher and she uses the methods that she teaches to teach us. She knows what she is talking about and she does a good job. Her study guides and exam reviews help out a lot when it comes to test time!
Great professor. She kept a 3 hour class intresting. Take her if you get the chance!
Quirky, fun lady. Easy grader, class is sometimes boring, you don't always know what you're supposed to be doing. I feel like she had a lot to offer, and that I learned a lot.
Dr. Maynard is definatly a knowledgable teacher. Her class lectures can be interesting, for the most part. She adds a lot a liberal opinions into it. I don't believe she's just "playing devil's advocate". Her tests are hard if you don't study. She's not a bad teacher though. I like the order she keeps in her classroom.
Professor Cap is the most genuine professor out there and truly cares about the well being of his students. I would highly recommend him for this course. The grade is based on 4 tests and a paper. You definitely need to put time and effort into this course while taking additional notes during lectures in order to do well. Loved this class.
I totally disagree with the weirdo comment, this professor is awesome, the class is great, decently easy, and he describes it in a different (not weird!) manner. He gives you EXTRA CREDIT opportunities, study guides, and a perfect layout of the info- but don't buy the book, you never open it!Take Capo. He's great.
I found the class interesting. Lectures got a little bit boring, but she made things as fun as possible. Tests are pretty easy if you complete the study guides she hands out. Mult choice and essay. I'd recommend her, she's friendly and knows what she's talking about!
Read the books OR go to class, both not needed. I really like her easy, laid back style, but she doesn't follow public communication styles: says "uhm" and "ah" quite a bit which can be distracting. She does know what she's talking about and is very respectable and considerate of her students.
I thought she was a great professor. Attending class is a must because material is covered quickly and many new strategies are learned on a daily basis. She doesn't take off points if you are extremely detailed in your response. Make sure the directions to your answer are step by step. I would recommend taking her.
AWESOME PROF! I loved this class. Her math class was so much fun. It isn't a ton of content to learn, but you learn tons of activities to use in your classes! She keeps things VERY simple, but its not bad. She's a great prof, I recommend her to anyone!
She is a nice prof but sometimes she doesn't know what she's even talking about
I actually liked her. Her opinions are very conservative, but it's refreshing after listening to liberal profs all day. Just read the book, know the vocab and it's a breeze. No need taking notes in class.
Mixed feelings. I found Weile to be arrogant & a tad mean. One of those classes where you're scared to ask questions b/c you feel the professor will look down on you. However, he is a good professor. Very clear explanations made the material easy to understand. And fair exams. Homework excessive at times.
Great professor. He teaches with clarity and makes the subject matter easy to understand. He will give you a constant flow of projects to do though, one after another. It is a COSC class after all; the projects reinforce what is learned in class. I would definitely recommend taking his 110 or 105 class.
class is pretty tough, VERY boring...he tries, but it's nutrition
Very good teacher. It was am easy class to get an A in if you just went to class and did the work. It was efinetely not the same the last few weeks he wasn' there. His personal stories made class more interesting.
Nice professor, wants her students to learn and understand material! Has not been the greatest professor with getting things out to students...but has also had a lot of personal issues to deal with!
Dr. Forbes is great at what he does. He knows his material like the back of his hand, and he has had a lot of experience in the field of biology. He tends to get political at times intentionally which was annoying but you learn to get past it.
Was surprised to read what others had said about him on here. I enjoyed him as a professor, he made things interesting so I was never bored in his class. He is fair on his tests that correlate with the notes. Just make sure you study class material after each class & you're fine. Overall, very knowledgable, experienced professor. Have him next sem.
I had Dr. Forbes for lab and he is clearly very passionate and knowledgeable about the subject, which is great. Class was never boring. He was very clear with what exactly could be on each lab exam, so there were no surprises. If you did need help he was always there. By far one of my favorite teachers and I would definitely take his class again.
take his canoeing class. His attitude is somewhat arrogant but he knows his stuff. Full of humorous stories. Camping and canoeing are his passions and he makes it interesting. 4 days for the wellness class (test, swim test, trip) and you are done. if you have a tight schedule, this is the best wellness course.
I have him for BI 121 lec and lab. He is a GREAT teacher, the content is hard but that's bio for you. Everything on his MUTIPLE CHOICE Lec tests are right from the lecture outline. For lab just study exactly what the guide says and the powerpoint picture test will be fine.Makes class fun, always a laugh or two.I hope to take 122 with him next fall
Great teacher, lectures are crystal clear and very interesting. I would recommend you study and memorize the notes for both lecture and lab and you should do fine. I mainly used the book just for clarity. This is a tough class and if you fall behind you'll suffer.
He is awesome, the best prof I've ever had! You need to study hard though, multiple choice questions can be tricky!
Very helpful man, very personable. Tells funny jokes to keep you entertained. VERY enthusiastic, is a great teacher if you are willing to learn! If you have him for lab MAKE SURE you know your SPO'S, he'll pull the easiest questions as well as that one thing you didn't really look over.
Great professor. Lectures for the whole hour but is very interesting and funny. Never was I bored. People think his class is hard but if you just go over the study guide you really shouldn't have much trouble.
Make sure you take something to keep you awake through class. Highly polotical, so make sure you're ready to agree with her polotical views for a semester. Good class, learned a lot about developing countries. Write what she says in class on the exams and you will do fine. Graded on three exams and three short papers. Got an A-
he was a very good prof. he helps you if you ask. very hard class, so go.
Fantastic Prof! He tries to make it interesting, which is extremely helpful since it's philosophy. I had him for an online class, but the lectures posted were very helpful. He also had review sessions before each test to make sure that we understood the material.
Did a magic trick that blew my mind. Material is beyond confusing, but he repeats what he wants you to spit back out on the tests. Used spark notes for every assignment and got an A.
Great discussions, although sometimes they took a long time. If you're taking metaphysics, I think you know already that the nature of the subject is challenging. You will have to form your own ideas; Corcoran cares that you think, not just write.
Easy to understand, really cool
Philosophy is hard, but this guy makes it understandable. Nice guy, sincerely cares about his students, subtle sense of humor. I remember everything from this class (evidence of a good prof)
Lectures are super interesting and she has a good sense of humor, but I don't like that grades are based heavily off of 15-point quizzes (easy to get bad grades on those), and many questions were vaguely worded and/or based off of materials in the book but not in the lecture. You'll be fine though, if you are willing to put the time and effort in.
One of the funniest prof.'s, but her tests are confusing. Her vocabulary consists of many swear words.
simons can seem cold, but i think he teaches well. he is an odd guy. lots of hw, but thats where you actually learn the material. class is all groupwork. you cant BS his exams, either REALLY know your stuff or you wont get better than a 75. curve helps.
Great speaker. Had a knack for teaching students to use perspecive in history. Was always concerned abotu his students and was one of the best history teachers I'd ever had.
Easiest class of my life. Got above a 100 in the class, but then again maybe it's cause I like science and am a science major. All you have to do is take good notes and study them for like 10-15 mins a day. Not much hard concepts in bio 101...
Professor Duggins' teaching style is definitely lecture, lecture, lecture. you only need to use the book if you are having trouble with something. RECORD your lectures and listen to them. Take detailed notes too. if you are someone who pays close attention to detail, you'll have NO problem at all!! He's so smart, you can learn SO much!!
Very straight forward professor. Some think he is hard, but all the exams come straight from lecture notes. Test are fill in the blank and essay. Don't worry about reading the book, study the notes and you will be fine. (Try not to get Banister as your TA)
He was the best teacher Ive had so far at USC.... The material is challenging and you need to study days in advance for his tests but they are VERY straight forward. I aced both of them... Dont bother reading the book though, because no material comes from it. I would definitely recommend him. He is passionate about fungi and plants though...
Wethey is an energetic and friendly man. one of the 2 classes per week is a discussion class where you come in with answers to questions about a scientific paper and talk about it/ annotate with groups. These are worth a huge chunk of the grade but they are easy. Exams are difficult and require a lot of creative thinking.
She is an excellent teacher, but a hard one. You can learn a lot from this class and it will help you write papers in all your other classes.
Brings a lot of character to the classroom, math/stats aren't the most interesting topic but he does his best with it and it's more engaging than your typical math class/teacher. Tests are tough but fair, and you are allowed to have a flashcard to have some notes on during those tests.
Best Math Teacher I have ever had. Tough but fair grader. Fun Environtment
Very smart and nice guy, helpful prof, but very difficult class, especially if you skip the CHEM 103 section. Tests are tough, and class periods can get frustrating, even though he is a funny prof.
He was absolutely hilarious! He made the class fun and not boring. He does go off on tangents sometimes when he's explaining a problem, but he's overall a great prof.
this teacher is very very helpful, he will go out of his way to help any student in any of his classes. He tests in MCAT testing, which means they are super hard. No homework and and hands out notes in class so you can follow along. You take his class, you will have to study A LOT and you will learn a lot, but you will still prob get a C or a low B
Dr. Kepner is a pretty chill guy, but doesn't give much beyond reading off the slides. The same information is in your textbook - get the international version for less $. He is very detail-oriented and you will need to know the most obscure things for tests/quizzes. Still, it's all based on hw and textbook readings. Difficult but great professor.
Nice Guy, but a tough grader. Likes to hear himself talk.
Wonderful professor. The lectures are super boring but she's so passionate about it that it's interesting anyway. BUY THE LECTURE BOOK!! Most of the info is already written down so you don't have to take many notes. The textbook isn't necessary. The class is graded off a few online open note/book exams and attendance, so show up to class.
This class has been my favorite at OU so far. Take her! All the material is interesting and you get to watch a movie at the end of each class that helps put the information into picture. Hopefully I'll be taking another anth class from her in the future. It's a lot of material though, you can't slack off.
I barely opened the required text book, and I just borrowed her other book from the library. The homework is doing a summary of her articles in a 2 page format she gave. She teaches off of her test so attending class is advisory, but if u miss a day you can just read the book. Very funny and experienced. She also gives a lot of extra credit.
Its an easy class. If you are there to take notes you will pass. However, the material she teaches is literally out of a book that she published in the 80s. Its very frustrating to spend your time writing summaries on outdated materials just so she can make extra money by selling her text book to students.
Anthropology301 8 wk course. Dr Stolba is the way she is !! You just have to deal with it. Her class is easy.do the outlines,the extra credit stuff. She is monotonous. She gets side tract most of the times.There is an impt quiz it determines your final grade in a way. If you don?t do what she asks you to do this class is not for you.
really cool teacher...has a lot of interesting stories....really layed back class.. becareful not to slack off too much or you might be taking it over like i am...
Dr. Stobla makes her classes sound harder then they really are. Do not stress about her test, if you do a min amount of studying ( i never studied and still managed an A) you will be fine.
JUST LECTURES, TEST ARE SOMEWHAT EASY IF YOU STUDY THE NIGHT BEFORE
strict but very good, don't be late & get an A
He's a really fun teacher. Very laid back, makes a comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. For this class he does push you, but he's always helpful and constructive with his criticisma dn teh grading seems fair enough. He knows journalism really well.
I respect Prof Vandenberg a lot. I learned so much in this class. The reading quizzes kind of suck, and instead of a midterm or term paper there are a ton of smaller assignments. Definitely a class worth taking!
I do enjoy Dr. Bond, he is a nice man and good teacher. Dr. Bond is helpful if you ask questions, though can be a little difficult to understand sometimes as he has a PhD in chemistry, and because of that I sometimes feel he doesn't understand that we are still learning the subject. I would definitely recommend the SI sessions and even a tutor.
His name is Bond, Dr. Bond. What he lacks in social aptitude he makes up for in pure chemistry know-how. If you are a fan of chemistry (or even science in general) you'll like this guy, otherwise, well...
Dr. Bond is kinda weird. He has no sense of humor. If write down everything he does off the board and study the notes, the tests will be fairly easy. Quizzes are frequent, I made 10/10 on almost all of them. Go to recitation, it is helpful with homework and lecture. Just show up and take notes and you'll be fine.
It is a self-paced class, he is helpful if you get stuck on something, nice guy.
Wonderful professor! I would highly recommend her 365 course to any student interested in ESL education. She is knowledgeable,passionate,helpful and always so nice! I loved this class. She expects students to put in some solid work, but it pays off in good grades and a great experience.
Laura is AWESOME! Difficult subject but she is an amazing professor! I was snowed in on a day of an exam and she worked with me so I could take it at a later time. I would suggest her in a heartbeat!!!
She's a pretty good teacher. Gives you lots of practice...boring, though.
GREAT teacher but very hard. I feel like i've learned alot. Just read the book, do the worksheets and past exams AND study - you should be fine. I
Gives you everything you need for the test--really knows his stuff
I didn't feel as challenged in Dr. Spencer's class as I have in others, but he was very nice and tried to keep things fun.
Very excellent professor. Makes himself clear and easy to listen to in class.
A very great teacher and very helpful.
I took Brian for Child Development then heard he was teaching 302 so I took that class as well. VERY EASY PROF! If you go to class everyday and participate you will get an A. Save your money on the book. He might be a bit scatterbrained but it keeps you on your toes. TAKE ANY CLASS YOU CAN WITH HIM!
HE IS AWESOME! He is funny and laid back and he is very fair with grading and exams! He doesn't try to trick you with tests. He lectures a lot, but it all VERY interesting and I am taking him again in the future. TAKE HIM!
Make sure to stay awake in his class. Not many points so stay on top of things. Talk to him, hes a great prof outside of class.
He discusses and is interested in your opinion. He works hard not to offend anyone on sensitive subjects. He is nice and caring and will talk with you if you need to. Ten two page papers and two exams.
Straightforward class. Note packets were very helpful. Nyhof has a dry sense of humor.
Really great prof! For REL-131, he grades on improvement, so if you do badly on one test, if you improve your study skills and do well on the next test, he will curve in favor of the good test grade! I highly recommend this class.
this class was amazing, i learned so much!
Warners is one of the nicest profs I've encountered. Genuinely wanted me to succeed. He really cares about what he teaches. Tests from him are lecture heavy. Genuinely willing to meet with you outside of class so that you can go through concepts. Sometimes the lectures were a little scattered but he is just a very nice guy.
really good professor. however, if all you want is a good grade i would recommend looking elsewhere. he grades really hard but is super passionate about biology.
Maybe I'm in the minority, but I really like Tiemstra. The workload for this course isn't backbreaking. He isn't much of a people person, but very intelligent and very clear. Tests are 6 essay questions, pay attention to the lectures, do the homework. Lectures are interesting if you're into it. Fav quote: "The secretary says my voice sounds sexy."
I loved this guy, hard work is required to get a GOOD grade, but it's easy enough to slide by, minimal work earned me a B. He's a little dry but very kind and understanding, tests are more than fair, expecially with his curve.
She's kind of monotone which makes it easy to zone out but if you listen to her she makes ALOT more sense than the book. Do the hw and DO THE XTRA CREDIT. if you email her any question she'll reply asap. first test w/o study guide, i got a 78. with study guide, i got a 90 and a 96. in other words, use the study guides. boring topic, but she tries
She is a great teacher. She gives so much information and is so helpful, seems a little intimidating at first but she is really amazing, really funny and class is always really relaxed and fun. I hate english and was minorly interested in poetry but she definitely got me really into the class and its been one of my favorites. take her.
she is a hard grader, but a riot...i loved going to her class every morning.
I like this teacher because he has personal experience with law enforcement and has plenty of fun stories to tell. However, I find it difficult to study for his class because he doesn't write on the board or give handouts. If you have good common sense, you probably don't even need to do the rdng
Easily one of the best teachers I have had in the Psyc department. Even in an intro class the lectures were extrememly interesting. Proffit has incredible interest in the field. Highly recommended
Attending his lectures is not enough to do well on the exams, so you must read the assigned chapters from the textbook as well. Also, watch his Econ Minutes as soon as they are released because they're time-sensitive, and you'll miss out on easy points on the exams if you forget. Overall, he's a funny professor but a tough grader.
Great class, great proff. Take econ w him if you have the chance
Professor Beck has a great understanding of the material and is a really cool person overall. This class is really hard but Prof. Beck gave a lot to help us through it. I highly recommend her.
Keaney will break you down, but also help strengthen your prose. Her teaching style is neither easy nor is it hard. She is a very understanding professor with an aura that will make you want to approach her. Her insight and in class comments make you want to see what's coming next. Take her class, it's definitely worthwhile, and she's amazing.
I took her during the summer and all previous statements are true. She will warn you about the work load and tells slackers to leave. I was scared at the time but I couldn't be happier that I took her. She knows her stuff and is INCREDIBLY HELPFUL. Show up and do the work. She is very sweet and you can learn so much from her if you want to.
You have to work for a good grade. She praises hard work and good class attendance. She gives pop quizzes on the readings, so make sure u read. The class itself can be boring at times, but its not like she's confusing you, so it's nice.
Perhaps one of the most helpful professors I have taken. Just as a warning: the work load at the beginning of the semester can be daunting. I think she wants to weed out all who are too lazy to be taking the class. Interesting readings, tough grading, good sense of humor. Do NOT take if you do not like working hard! Very glad I took her class!
He is an amazing lecturer, but you do have to put a significant amount of time in outside of the classes if you want your grade to show what you've learned. Some of the test questions are tricky but if you know the material you can figure them out.
Really interesting topics and discussions that will inspire you to continue the discussions out of class, primarily because of the interdisciplinary nature of the class Childress is very approachable and the TAs seem to be interested in the subject as well! Not difficult to get a good grade if you do the reading and study.
Childress was an awesome professor! His class was a ton of reading and covered some difficult concepts, but he did his best to make it easy.
Great lady, very interesting class, learned a lot from lectures and papers
Not bad at all. Go to class, pay attention, do your hw and go to him if you have any questions. Other then that the class does not take that much effort. He might be a slightly creepy old man, but his averages on the tests were about 10 pts higher then the other professors (on the same tests), so he actually is good at teaching.
Dave is an awesome professor. He truly wants the best for his students and will do anything to help you succeed. All assignments can be resubmitted if you are not happy with your grade. I wish I could take another course with him.
This guys is great. He is a very intelligent teacher who describes his lectures in great detail. He asks challenging questions and always slips a quirky funny story within his lecture. There is no HW for the class except practice problems which he strongly encourages to do. The trade off is a quiz every week on each module.
JB is probably one of those professors you only find once in your lifetime. He's a great guy that always tries to lighten up the mood of the class. Quizzes are really easy if you study decently and exams are pretty hard if you try to cram the night before, do those practice exams on the PSI guide, they will save your life!
Burmy is a really nice guy. He goes off on rants about the world and stories of his life but it is all interesting and makes for a fun lecture. He is pretty good at explaining chemistry and gives you easy ways to remember concepts. The class is tough but the curve makes a decent grade possible. An 85 is an A and you pass with a 40.
He seemed really hard at first, but he does give you a booklet full of past exams that are very helpful for the tests. The quizzes are pretty easy as long as you study. I didn't use my book at all so I wouldn't recommend buying it. His notes were good and there were many review sessions to attend before the exam just incase you didn't understand.
Great professor that really knows his material. Always willing to help students out of class. A rare professor who actually wants to see all his students, and even those who aren't, succeed.
This class was easy and you didn't have to go to lectures but the material was boring. its a good way to fulfill a math/sci credit but its not that interesting. he tries really hard to make class fun tho, its kinda cute. He's really nice and easy to talk to. I'd recommend it
Good professor, but don't fall back on the work if you're not science-oriented.
The class covered a lot of difficult material, but if you showed up and payed attention you could do really well. He always makes a point to help out a student when in need, and anyone who says he is hard didn't take the time or interest to learn! I found the class very intriguing, yet hard.
I changed my major so i could have more classes with him. The GEo test tend to be a bit diffucult, but he will help you though them!
Excellent teacher. She is one of the few that actually makes people learn.If you cannot devote 2 hrs of studying for every 1 hr in her class then you will end up with a C or lower. Day1,you don't know any Latin. Day2, you are on Chapter 2 already. Day3=100pnt quiz,50 vocab words and 3 conjugations
No reason to go to class half the time, class is very dry and boring anyway. Other half is quizzes and turning in homework. Two tests & a final, 1 project.
Fraser's lectures are very useful, she presents information clearly and orderly. She is very excited about the subject and is a nice person, the only reason the class is so hard is because that's how you'll learn best. This class made my life hell, I'm not gonna lie, it was rough, but I learned so much. I loved it.
Her class is a little tough. She has a very neat syllabus and she sticks to it. She does not offer extra credit so try to do your best on every test. Overall I like how she throughly goes over grammer. If you are a native speaker she will not validate words that are not commonly known to her or the textbook.
The class is generally easy. It's ok to miss class a few times and even when you're in class, it's a common tendency to doze off. Papers aren't bad- he gives you a grade with a few marks on the paper and then gives you a chance to correct your paper for full credit. Good grades, nice guy, so I suggest him if you don't mind a few boring classes
Certainly not the most interesting, but you gotta love having a teacher who loves what he's teaching SO much. His own passion for the materical more than encouraged me in this class.
Dr. Smith is an incredibly nice guy and a great professor. Cancels class fairly frequently. Definitely recommend.
easiest class ever...he didn't have class a lot and he doesn't waste your time when he does have class...he really knows what he's talking about and if you want a gpa booster take one of his classes
Harder than all the other CISC teachers. Teaches files and databases, instead of turtle like everyone else, and the labs are extremely boring. Definitely a nice guy who knows what he's talking about, but if you're like me and only had to take this class as a major requirement it will seem boring and difficult
He is helpful during class on most days. If you pay attention the labs aren't too bad. They seem really difficult at first but the work for each lab gets easier as you slowly start to understand what is happening. The labs get harder as the class progresses, but he's better than the other 106 professors, at least from what I've heard.
prof amer is a hard, but fair teacher
I have taken all 3 of his classes. I would highly recommend taking his finance history class and finance simulation, but I don't recommend taking FINA 3001 with him. He makes sure the median is set at a B+ and he tries not to give a student less than a B-. He can a bit disorganized, but he's really nice and tries to make up for it.
Provides an overhead outline for every lecture (NOT available on WebCT), so write everything down. Tests are generally from lecture, not the text. Use points from lecture and test in papers and use lots of examples and you will do fine. Not an easy grader, but it is possible to do well with effort. Tests based off review sheet. Study it!
Even though I've only completed one year, Professor Biby is the best instructor I have had a GV so far. She is an extremely nice and helpful lady, but at the same time makes you work hard and think about the concepts. I would highly recommend her.
She always smiles, tests are not easy but not hard, she teaches almost everythign you need to know, suprise questions on tests, so read the book. overall great prof.
Seems to be a good guy but he makes the class so ungodly boring. Spends the whole class explaining something that can be summed up in 5 words. Very easy class, you don't even have to try to get an A. However, you do have to pay attention and take notes during the semester to pass the final.
Very nice guy. Likes to talk a lot, but is very helpful and knows what he's doing. Had 6 papers to write, but plenty of time to finish them and he's lenient with the grading. Easy class and very informative. Got an A.
Great Prof. His tests are straightforward. Although this class is difficult, he makes it bearable.
LOVE HER! Take this class! It is really fun and makes you want to participate and write
Lots of reading for this class and lots of class discussion. The exams are all essay style, but he gives you over a week to work on them. He doesn't make you feel uncomfortable when you participate in discussion but he does want you to back up what you say.
Very knowledgable about all aspects of the BIO field. He wants you to do well, and gives plenty of opportunity to do good on tests. He gives 10 points of extra credit on tests! His classes are hard work, but you will learn alot from him. You will benefit by taking Lombardo.
He is very anal in his grading of short answers on tests. Tests are too long for lecture period (but plenty of extra credit is given). Lab is fun. Professor Lombardo really knows his stuff.
Wow he is an awesome teacher - you don't have a book and all you really have to do is show up to class. Issues are amazingly simple and tests are right from the notes. He used to be a cop so his stories are pretty wild.
Very good teacher
Dr. Hair's lectures are effective in the sense that she's experienced so much of what's covered in her own life. If you come to class most of the time and do all the assignments, I find it nearly impossible to get below a B+ or so. Difficulty aside, Dr. Hair will go to any length to help you with anything related to the class. Great teacher!
Dr. Hair is a fantastic lady. Very good teacher. She is so encouraging. Class is not difficult, but some of the projects can get time consuming. Use the companion website and the workbook. Most of her test questions are from both of them.
Dr. Hair to me was a very good Instructor. I took her before transferring to Western Michigan university and alot of the things taught I can relate much easier here! For those that thinks she is too easy think again..SHE JUST MAKES IT UNDERSTANDABLE!!!!
Rayor is nice for the most part, but can be kinda sharp and rude at times. the homework for this class is easy, just short summaries of the plays each time you read one. Exams are tough, she includes a lot of quotes that can be hard to differentiate between plays and characters. Easy class for the most part though, and very interesting.
Anne was extremely helpful and wants all her students to do well! She just needs to see that your trying! I had her 8 week online class. Alot of material, but you can do it if your dedicated! She always returned e-mails and calls. Go to tutoring with Tony at Center Campus, he is a life saver!!! I recommend Anne and Tony to everyone I know!
Prof is clear,concise,understanding & interesting. Learned a LOT in this class
CLEAR about all expectations so if you get a bad grade, it's truly because you didn't try. Takes time out of office hours to meet with you. Really helpful to talk to her if you're not getting it, she's more than willing to take the time to help. Tests are challenging, but they should be, it's college.
Shearer specializes in Soviet and twentieth-century European history so when you get to the later part of the class he gets more in depth with the info but is very knowledgeable on everything. Only three grades are 3 essay's usually 7-8 pages but its not as bad as it sounds. As long as you read the text book and show up to class you'll do fine.
Don't listen to the negative reviews! He can ramble a bit and may be a little unclear at times, but he's a great prof. The "party" people complain about is meant to be fun, a break from normal classwork. And he leaves the papers totally open so you can take them your own direction. Is fair with grading as long as you put in good effort.
For a history major/minor he's a great prof. for someone looking to just get there history credits and don't care, find someone else because he gives a ton of information and the class takes a little work but you'll get a good grade.
Delph is amazing! His class is a little tough. We had to read a couple of books, but most were at least semi-interesting and tests are all essay, but he gives you the questions beforehand. I would definitely recommend him though--I love his lectures! And the slides!
He has a sarcastic sense of humor, and that translates to the way he teaches. The tests were a bit hard, but nothing studying couldn't cure. Allows you to have a notecard with information on it for the tests, which helps. Interesting class, and I don't like history. Overall, good professor.
He's a good professor and knows his stuff. He's also kind of funny, in an awkward type of way. Plus he trips over things occasionally. I don't know why that's important, but it was funny. THE EXAMS ARE SUPER HARD. He grades so specifically, and I studied really hard and still only ended up with a C. He's cool though, really nerdy about geology.
Greg was pretty cool/helpful! He does review sessions before each exam, and is pretty fair in what he expects you to know. At the same time, you will need to study a lot to get an A in this class if you aren't a science person. Also, try to break down barriers soon...his subtle sense of humor is great once he gets comfortable with your clas!
Dr. Wong is tough but a really good teacher. I have learned SO much in this class. The "unit assessments" are pretty tricky but there are no tests. Don't pack your schedule if you're taking her because you have outside work. Easy A or B. She is always available for help and she's a great book of information about teaching!
Treats you like a 5-yr old by laying EVERYTHING out for you. Makes sure you go to class and do well on the group problems. Cheat sheets for exams, TONS of handouts. Covers everything many times, and knows how to make you link old info to new stuff. Good luck!
I really enjoyed this class and the material, but I will say that her exams are pretty hard. You have to work really hard for an A. People did really poorly on the first exam, so she curved it and began giving out extremely helpful but extensive study guides that directly correlated with the exams. She is also super sweet and caring.
I also thought that this class would be related to psychology. Honors class and took is as a freshman. This is by far one of the hardest classes I have taken at UD. I suggest taking it only if you're required to or if you're very interested in the subject. She's a really nice and fun lady though. There were 4 grades, two tests and two essays.
Nice teacher but grades hard in this class. Lots of information and on essays expects you to understand the readings which is very hard to do.
She's a great person and a very nice lady. Class is not as easy as some may lead you to believe, however.
Professor Lessoff is such a genuine person and I thoroughly enjoyed his presence. He is very clearly passionate about History, but he does struggle to make this accessible for his students; he fails to see that not everyone shares this same passion, and therefore does not withhold the same level of understanding. Be ready to read many books!
A lot of opportunities for extra credit through the online and in-class quizzes. I went to every class just to hear him speak. He really loves to relate concepts and promote looking at stuff from the perspective of "back in the day." I had all the books, only used 1 and half of another. He's pretty busy so you might not write one of the papers.
Professor Lotz is an amazing professor. She goes out of her way to help every student, and will look at your papers over and over to help you as best she can. She gives great advice, and marks up your papers so you know what to fix. She is awesome and super nice!!!
didn't want to take this stupid class, but she made it straight forward and easy to do the portfolio papers. will make you do dumb little activities and lots of group work. the peer reviews are a joke - but if you didn't test out of this class, take her
Took as online SWS class. Majority of it is papers, quizzes and exams which are all writing. Have to use 3 different books which aren't took bad. You learn a lot and you get to submit drafts for papers that are peer reviewed by him and a classmate. Grades fairly easy, but if you need a SWS history course, take this class.
Super nice guy, I loved him. His lectures were actually very informative and even though the tests were all essay questions they were straightforward and not too hard as long as you studied. He will get to know his students and ask them personal questions, I really enjoyed talking to him!
I took him during Spring semester, and it's a lot of work, especially as an SWS class. Montagna is super friendly, though, and discussions are actually interesting in his classes. The readings are short (the book is only about 200 pages), and he grades very fairly on papers. He also lets you do rewrites.
He is an encyclopedia with legs. He's very motivated by the material. Doug is approachable, but I wouldn't recommend him for underclassmen that aren't history/GSS majors. He looks for you to deeply analyze history so this is DEFINITELY not the professor if you're a memorization kind of person. He's v. dedicated to helping you get better in History.
Easy class, take notes, read books, great teacher
Panda was a pretty good guy. The books we read weren't too bad, and the papers we had to write in class were pretty easy. He's just a pretty friendly guy and easy to maintain interest in class.
Not the best speaker I ever heard but he is on of the best math professors.
Dr. Galbraith is an awesome prof, and I would recommend her to anyone. She loves seeing her students succeed, while encouraging them to think for themselves. Her use of RTTP games gets students engaged in and thinking critically about history. She assigns a variety of interesting, pertinent readings. She is a great lady, and a dedicated educator.
Dr. Cole is one the most intelligent people I have ever met. He has lots of experience in the field and likes to talk about it...especially Africa. Overall he is a really great teacher, but the lectures can be boring at times and he says "Since this class is double dipping" it should be a little harder than a 1st year class, and it is.
Alright, yes this guy may seem a little arrogant, but he is one of the most experienced teachers at GVSU. He did research in Africa for like ten years. His stories are pretty amazing if he shares them with you. The first two assignments are fairly easy but the final assignment is pretty hard. Take this class in the spring or summer.
nice & caring, visit his office, ask for ex help, you'll do fine
She is a great lecturer and obviously very passionate about her subject, but taking thorough notes and attending every lecture is essential to passing the class. Graded on very few things which I don't like and says her tests don't have trick questions but they are often very tricky.
This woman is an icon. She came in stunting every morning with outfits that said "just off the jet from Europe". On the teaching side she is very funny and can be pretty entertaining, but definitely pay attention and take notes. If you can I would recommend choosing a lab time towards the end of the week so she covers the material before.
Easy professor to get your GE physical science out of the way. 3 exams and a final, but she drops your lowest test score out of the 3 exams. Lots of quizzes, and clicker questions every lecture so you have to go.
Loved this class and loved her! She's very nice and truly cares about her student's success! I would definitely recommend taking this class. There are 3 exams and a final but the lowest exam is dropped. If I could, I would take another class with her!
There are clicker points every class so make sure to show up. The subject was interesting! She's snarky when you walk in late. I didn't buy the book but her tests are based off of lecture. She also drops your lowest test grade. As long as you pay attention & understand the concepts, you should do fine. There's 1 project that is okay, not too tough.
She's a decent teacher but the class is extremely boring. Clicker points every class so you should show up. You get extra credit if you show up every class. Labs are sometimes really long and sometimes short. Mostly long though. It's easy to get a B and if you pay attention an A isn't out of the question. But the class is extremely boring
If you are looking to take Geology 303 as a GE. TAKE HER! EASY CLASS, crammed the night before and passed the class with a high B. GO TO CLASS, everything she lectures is on the test, you dont need the book, never read it, I just attended class. She relates the natural disaster events to events that our happening right now.
GO TO CLASS EVERYDAY and you will be fine! I was lucky cause she gave out free books for our class and the book helped a bit...but you can pass without it. 3 test (1 gets dropped) and a final. It gets easier after the first test. I got an A!!
The quizzes and tests come straight from her lectures, so you never need the book. This is an easy class, but don't let your guard down, you'll still need to study. Her lectures are very concise, so pretty much everything that appears in her Powerpoint slides is on the test.
I'm not a geology major, so I don't know many details about this subject. I didn't buy the book but attended every lecture. I'm getting a B and I didn't put in a vast amount of effort toward the class. She's really interesting and pretty. She makes funny, lame jokes. Take her!
Tests can be tricky, but overall an achievable A. I like her b/c she really cares about her students and what she teaches. My advice: do well on the online quizzes.. they will make or break your grade in the end. Also.. review your old tests in her office hours before the final. I did it, and a lot of the questions were the same as ones i missed.
Ok, these are the facts. The class it's self is interesting. The teacher is very straightfoward and good looking. Don't buy text! the tests are based on her lecture notes, study those and you will do fine. Just study her notes!!That's the secret to get an easy B. Study a little more and it's an A.
Very fun in class, talks a lot about what to talk about at parties (8) ). Expects a lot from the class, but noting you cannot handle. Very good teacher.
Very helpful, easy class if you attend, do not need book
I loved this guy, probably one of the best profs ive ever had. yeah its not an easy class, he definetly puts up a challenge and you learn so much. and hes very helpful about it too! definetly recommend him, hes a funny guy and makes class interesting.
very entertaining man and he has funny stories. Class is interesting and the book is good. Read all the chapters and fill out the study guides and you will do fine. The chapters in the book are not long and if you read all the examples you will be able to get the concepts. I worked pretty hard and got a B, but enjoyed the class.
Very funny and makes class fun. Tests aren't too bad, gives sheet of questions for the test to study from.
The guy knows what he's doing and is very helpful! If you didn't do well... you're an idiot!
hard tests. easy homework. overall okay. book tells you how to do everything. don't go to class unless it's for the homework. Pretty nice guy overall.
Very boring class, but he does the assignments for in class, just take notes about how to do them and it's easy, tests are lame, he likes the sound of his own voice and talks a lot..
he is very nice, hw is easy, definitely need to study to get good grade on tests
if you found this class hard you seriously need to re-evalutate your reading comprehension. i read one chapter out of the big book all sem and still got a B+. go to class, try not to sleep, take notes, study night before exam by reading little book and reviewing notes, and get at least a B. Plus, if you have a prob, ask him, he's SUCH a NICE guy
Don't get the book. Go to class so you don't miss pop quizzes-but not mandatory. Go to TA review sessions. Material seems hard at first, but you'll eventually realize that it's easier than it appears. Large curves on exams gave me at least 100%; mostly problem set questions. Problem set reviews set you up for an A. I hate econ and received an A.
A little monotoned...stole Mr.Roger's sweaters, but easy class, very straightforward. I had him in winter, so lectures long (fell asleep several times). Would recommend to those you have to take this class. Plus, he's not bad to look at.
Interesting class and prof, though not easy. Go to his office hours and ask him questions. You'll do better and he helps immensely.
Professor Veenstra cares very much about photography and is a passionate teacher. She has her quirks with technology and due dates, but if you stick with her and give her a chance you will learn a lot and be able to have engaging conversations about photography and the world around it. I would not recommend her classes to non photo majors.
Has very liberal views, so if you are a conservative keep your mouth shut. She's nice, but needs to do something with the hair.
Professor O'Neill is very understanding and gives extensions when needed. He grades kind of hard on quizzes and essays but he drops the lowest two quiz scores and he gives opportunities to rewrite your essays. Definitely not an easy A, but it's not too difficult of a class. I would take this professor again.
He is more than willing to help if you ask for it. He has higher expectations for native speakers. If he can tell that you are struggling he will not mark you down for smaller mistakes to help you pass the class, rather he focuses on the main points that he wants you to understand. He needs to work on his organization skills.
If you love a teacher with a great sense of humor, and gets the job done.. He's a GREAT choice! I'm currently finishing up my Sp101 semester with him, and will be back for Sp102. He's that good! :)
Prof. Geerts genuinely wants you to do well and learn a lot. The class has a good number of projects, two tests and a final. There's also one "essay" that's just a reflection on what you learned and what you think he should change about the class. The textbooks are given to you and you really only use them at the beginning of the semester.
Pretty easy class. Tests are somewhat difficult. Final is impossible!! TONS of extra credit though so overall class is pretty easy.
Papers were easy but graded hard. Exams weren't too bad. Review sheets helped a lot. Class is fun. Overall, pretty easy class and a great professor :)
Good professor, tests are tricky...read the book closely.
Bambach's class is pretty good. 3 exams, each on 3-4 chapters of material and a final. Lowest exam including the final is dropped, even if you don't take one. 1 essay which is easy and then weekly discussion board posts and a weekly online quiz, answers easy to find on quizlet. Fairly easy to get an A.
Mark is a great professor that genuinely cares about the grades of his students. The tests do require you to study quite a bit, but the MyLab quizzes really help to prepare. His exams are on proctorU, but he curves his exams to help everyone out a bit. Overall, there's 1 easy paper, 4 exams (lowest drops) and MyLab work every Sunday.
Mark knows a lot about business but also is really sarcastic and a bit harsh. We were mostly graded on exams, which were tough and really specific. I read the textbook and studied a lot but still struggled. He curved them because he wants students to do well, but I felt like this class required a lot of work and I didn't really learn much.
Pretty good professor. You HAVE to read the textbook to do decently well on the exams, and even then it's really hard to get As. He curves them, but not a lot. Office hours are early in the morning and very quick and he's not that much help outside of class. Sort of blows you off. Overall not a bad class, but worked super hard for less of a reward.
Great Prof. Lectures are a little boring, but class never lasted the full fifty minutes. Definitely buy the textbook. Test questions are hard but fair. The first exam average was low, but he curved everyone's grades by 8 points. I would definitely take him again
Go to class, take notes, and outline the text to do well. The class is harder than I thought it would be honestly but I am still expecting an A or A-. One easy presentation. Bambach brings in a steady flow of employers and keeps us updated on professional events--AWESOME. helps us in what matters most in the business world. Great contact to have.
The tests are pretty tough but Mark is an all around cool professor. He gives study guides for every test although I didn't find them tremendously useful. He has a number of speakers come in to help students with possible jobs, which is nice, and he'll also look over your resume which is a great help. Overall decent class.
Good teacher willing to help students in and out of class, study guides crucial for test..don't worry about taking notes
I really enjoyed this class. He just wants you to write and try something new. Class itself was pretty stress-free, but I wish he would give us actual grades rather than just narrative comments.
He's really nice and funny, his class is pretty easy. Keep up!
He's very cool. Exams are somewhat challenging. I recommend him.
She is a very nice and pretty easy teacher. She helps students understand the information, and she has good notes which she prints off for you!! As well as good examples.
amazing teacher, interesting, fun, and helpful. The tests are probably the toughest multiple choice questions i have ever seen, but you get the hang of it, prepares you for other classes. lots of extra credit opportunities
The best teacher I have ever had at Loyola. I enjoyed going to his classes, and would go even if I didn't have to. Don't miss ot..take him!!
I really like her. She's one of those professors that spells out everything you need to know, so you can take good notes. Her tests make sure you know the material, but they're not hard. Only uses the book for practic homework problems, and she tells you which homework assignments are going to be graded, there aren't any surprises or pop-quizzes.
really nice guy, very knowledgable and helpful but class is pretty boring
he's like a daddy......if you show up to class half the time you'll do ok
This class isn't bad. Simply show up to lecture, take notes, and study for the two exams and one final. I bought both books recommended by her, but I only ever used them once or twice. It's a huge lecture, but she's a focused lady, and she's fairly entertaining. Easy class for me.
He was very interesting. Tests were extremely easy. I never used the book.
If you miss class you need to get notes. Movies, and lectures are very important and are the main focus on exams. Do well on your 4 exercizes and you will be closer to a good grade. When you read the text take GOOD notes... she asks obscure questions...
Mrs. Chesla was a good teacher. I should have studied more though. Math for Elementary isn't an easy class, but if you're willing to put forth the effort you make it. Just remember, a profession like teaching isn't going to be easy, so don't expect the classes that prepare you for such a field to be easy! Teaching must come from the heart!
I don't know what everyone else is talking about, but I and the rest of the English majors in my class got A's. Class is not easy, simply attainable if you put in the time reading the selections.
She is really interested in involving students in discussing their issues in what we're learning. She explains things until you've got them hammered down (essential for this class!). Provides countless examples. A LOT of online homework, but necessary for a good grade.
good teacher, it's hard in a class of 150 people
She's ok . She's very helpful, but chemistry at 8 o clock is brutal.
This is a tough class no matter who you take it with, but if you take Carroll, make sure you can code in C. There's 4 (incrementally more difficult) programming assignments, a midterm, and a final. He offers extra credit for almost every program which is needed for the very difficult tests. Very helpful teacher, make sure you take advantage.
This class is HARD. However, he is very helpful in office hours or responding to emails. He tries his best to make it clear, but the material is just hard. He gave out many opportunities for extra credit on tests and homework. Homework assignments basically every week. 50% of your grade is the final. Just be ready to work or you wont pass.
yeah.. this is a hard class.. and if you think she sucks then go back to community college because she expects you to work. she wants you to know your stuff because as a business major it will be useful. i had to work hard in this class and study a lot but im happy i took it because i learned a lot. shes a very good teacher.
Material is conceptually very simple, but tests are a bit tricky. I am an A student and I got a B in the class. Good luck.
Professor Chung is a solid choice for BA350. Her lectures are very good, she is very descriptive and everything she teaches is on the test. She always shows eagerness to teach and help. Her tests are more on the harder side, but if you study and put in the work you'll feel like you earned your grade. Not much homework and no quizzes!
Prof Chung is very passionate about her material. Her lectures go by really fast because the material is interesting. Her tests are not hard or tricky, there's just a LOT of information on each one, so COME TO CLASS. Her test questions come directly from her lectures. Bring your laptop because she talks FAST and everything she says is on the exam.
4 exams and one is dropped. Easy A. Just show up to class and study everything she says.
Super easy class. Homework is really easy, the tests are fairly easy.
Shes real cool business professional with a lot of experience and it shows with the way she carries her lectures and huge auditoriums of students. I actually enjoyed attending her lectures but FYI, her exams have a lot of ?uestions that require additional studying than her PP slides suggest. No chili pepper on her? wow guess just me.
Great teacher and willing to help people out that ask. People that did bad probably didn't study. Easy B, with extra work, get an A.
Great professor. Very energetic. Tests are on BB and she also has a review sheet for you and is helpful. I didn't like how she didn't give you a syllabus right away to see our reactions. She is a fair grader, just make sure to do the study guide before taking the test. This class makes u apply the concepts 2 real life examples. Has EC(random-ish).
Great teacher talks about her kid alot, if you put in the effort you learn alot
Prof. Balfour is extremely knowledgeable and his lectures are very interesting (although sometimes a bit monotone), you will learn alot from him-2 exams, 1 paper, and make sure you show up
openly tough grader, VERY monotone. take this CR/NC if you want to help your GPA
Sometimes difficult to understand becuase of a slight accent but he is very engaging and VERY understanding. He really cares about your academic achievements as a student and is WELL more than willing to help. Read the readings and you are guarenteed an A. I got a B without doing them so its well worth the minor extra effort. He also makes you
He's really awesome. He lectures all the time, but is willing to hear what you have to say. Tests are essay straight from the notes. Readings pretty much unncessary. I've heard the man sing in class and I think that makes the class worth it
Great Teacher he is very outgoing. He dedicates his life to teaching always has test and quizzes graded the next day or the day of and on exams he posts your current grade in the class. Also he tells you everything you need to study in order to get an A it just takes hard work.
He is a great teacher when it comes to the person he is. Tells alot of great and funny stories. It is basically a class teaching you life lessons. There is a 12 page in depth research paper and a group presentation and paper. Every week there is a 1.5 page journal due and chapter questions. Great teacher though
Seems like a hard prof. at first but he gets cool. Very easy to talk to and the class is alot of fun and he makes it very interesting.
Professor Sommers is awesome. His lectures are engaging and interesting; he cares about his students and will go above and beyond to help them with matters both related to the course and outside of the classroom. He has a great sense of humor and does a good job of presenting/teaching the material. The best professor I had this semester!
Pretty good teacher, very nice, class is too easy.
Dr. King is great. Not a lot of actual handed in assignments (look below) but SO much reading from articles and book chapters on blackboard to go along with discussion. He'll like you if you show interest and participate in discussion. The midterm and final were not bad at all the study guides help a lot.
Mediocre class, but a great professor. I think he could teach watching grass grow 101 and it would be interesting. You might try to take another class but AFST 200 is ok.
King isn't real personable, but he's nice in ofc. hrs. takes attendance. READ!!
Arch knows his stuff, and expects his students to put in the work to figure things out, but has a sense of humor. He cares about following specs. If you genuinely need help he'll always explain things and help you understand. 350 is a good class for demystifying how a computer works from the ground up. Pity he's retiring, he'd be hard to replace.
Tough class, but if you work hard youll get what you deserve, semester project was a ****, expect to live in the computer labs for weeks on end. At the end youll get the grade that you deserve
Smart man. Hard ass too. You'll learn a lot-when you aren't working on the latest programming assignment/homework/project. prepare for a lot of sleepness night, but know the lack of sleep will be well worth it. His book is useful. Tan's is not. Study his book and you'll be fine on his exams.
Sutton has a lot of mixed feelings about her teaching, but it really is nothing to complain about. The tests are 100 questions but she gives you the answers word for word in lectures and you can miss 20 and still get an 80 soo.. She's not the worst professor in the world and is extremely reasonable with everything she does. Plus all quizzes online.
She's very nice and very passionate about the subject. She has a no electronic policy and her lectures are kind of boring. I learned more from the textbook than her lectures but most of the material is self explanatory. She made certain topics more interesting than others but her assignments and tests were easy, as long as you follow the directions
If you show up to class, she has you write down random acronyms and facts that will become test questions, so it's worth going. Tests are a little hard to prepare for because you need to memorize pointless stuff. She's funny, though. She extended a couple of deadlines for us which was nice.
Dr. Sutton is hilarious! Attendance is mandatory, but she makes class so interesting you won't mind. Lectures are accompanied with powerpoints that she posts online. four 100 question exams are given each semester but if you pay attention in class & read the chapters, it's a breeze. She also tells you atleast 5 questions that will be on the test.
Good prof. Challenging but not overly demanding. Easy-going about deadlines. You have to put the effort in, but the class won't be your life.
Absolutely my favorite teacher at kettering. He took time out of his night to help my friends and I study for the final. Also, he helped me out when I was having a personal problem. He is not only a great professor, but a great person as well.
I love Professor Bell! He is a great chemistry lab professor so there is no way you can possibly fail unless you dont go to the labs or make cheat sheets for the lab quizzes. The work is easy. The quizzes are what bring down some people's grades, but he gives you a point even when you have the wrong answer. Pray that you get him.
Probably the most entertaining professor you will ever meet. Class is a breeze and you will learn more than you think you did. Really seems to care about his students, and remembers EVERYONE. He also has connectins everywhere, if you need a job he's the guy to talk to. Take one of his classes if you can!
Good teacher, loves to talk. Don't take if you are going to be a chem major, he isn't that great at teaching the subject, but classes are fun. Get him to know you and you are set. See him if you need a co op job.
Teaches very well. Don't buy the book. Pay attention to the details of the methods. Ask him about light houses.
Nick's a funny guy, and even though his lectures are long, he tries to make them funny and engaging, while teaching you at the same time. The tests are decently hard if you're aiming for an A, so don't take them as a joke. I got a B+ on my first 2 tests, but aced the final and ended with an A. Overall, he's a great teacher and actually cares!
Oh boy are you in for a treat! Not only is Dr. Bellantoni an awesome professor, he's a real stand up guy. His charisma and his mustache will make you swoon and wish you weren't wearing any pants. If you're taking class with him, you better be ready for the time of your life!
Very good teacher, If you study the material the night before and know it very well, you will ace all of his tests. Would definetly take another one of his classes.
Best Math professor I've had at Kettering. He is hilarious and charismatic but knows how to be serious and stern when needed. Make sure to study or you will fail. Material isn't even that hard and he shows that in his lecture. Highly suggest, you won't regret it.
Uses scare tactics to keep you studying/passing...do HW and go to class everyday and it will be the easist math class that you will ever take at KU
Hard to understand at times but overall a great Prof. She will be willing to help with any problems you have. Super Nice!
This was an awesome teacher. He wasn't there to amuse you, or anything. He got right to the point. He used related stories to get to the point. If you did the review, bam! You did awesome on the exam.
He has some interesting convos that have to do with the topics, makes it easier to understand. I take his 3 hour night class. Normally I'd fall asleep in any other class, but he makes it interesting. Take notes or you'll do bad like I did. Great teacher.
He is a great prof! So much knowledge on what he is teaching and he makes is applicable to real life that is happening. Half of his grading comes from being in class, so make sure you can attend class before you choose him. His notes are a bit different but they make sense for the ideas he is teaching. Overall, enjoyed his class.
Professor Czuprunski was a great teacher! If you cant make it to class often I wouldnt recommend him though. Over half of your grade is measured off things that require your attendance. He has long lectures but as long as you take notes you will be fine! You are graded off daily questions/in class assignments, one paper, and a final test.
This professor is hilarious. He is very relatable and is passionate about biology. He genuinely enjoys his students it seems. I found this class super easy. Do the short study guide and you will pass with no problem. Compared to other bio classes that I've heard about this professor is a breeze.
Great guy but his lecture will leave you lost. You have to be able to self study and read the book. No learning checks or quizzes. 4 exams with a essay at the end of each one worth around 20 pts.
Dr. Matt is an awsome teacher, he jokes around, but he REALLY knows his stuff, it is amazing what the guy knows, i am really happy that i took his class, and i learned a lot, not that i will use any of that stuff in real life except in maybe jepardy!
awesome guy, loved the class, he made subject matter very interesting. enjoyed the class, wish he taught more bio classes. take this class if you like biology, he's great =)
Although class can be boring and the readings can be long this is an amazing class. The concepts learned were incredibly interesting and will stick with you. Just do the readings and study and you'll do fine. Weekly quizzes, 2 exams, 1 paper.
A professor with a lot of personality who creates a stimulating work environment; is highly opinionated and knows what he's looking for in terms of improvement, but is good at gentle nudges in the right direction. If he sees you're serious about the class, he's serious about helping you.
I think Jesse is a great prof who is just misunderstood, he is very knowledge about his work and field area, being in his class really made me like art. I had never taken an art classes before and he really helped me, he didn't mind coming in to help me after class. He's also very understanding about attendance and there are no tests or quizzes
He'll help if you ask for it. Class can be boring, but what can he do - it's the topic. SUA is not his fault, shouldn't be that bad if you don't put it off. Midterm take home and the SUA are key.
He is super interesting if you actually listen to him but his tests are super hard. Make sure you are there the day before the test for his reviews. I was actually entertained by the class.
Teacher is very helpful in letting you know what is going on in the world. Lecutres are not boring to me. He keeps me intrested in the class.
Surprised to read some of these bad reviews. I took his online class, and enjoyed it. The two journal reviews take time, but I thought he graded fair. Two quizzes a week, but they are not difficult if you have your book beside you. He likes a lot of detail in the discussions, but the topics were all interesting. Didn't think it was too much work.
Prof. Battani....is a great guy; very nice; well-educated in field; will go far
Such a caring professor and he genuinely cares about his students. The class in not the most entertaining, but its a requirement. Exams are challenging, but they are online and you can use your notes. Dr. McKenize, is such a great guy and if you have any problems at all he will make it a point to make everything work out for you. take him!
Easy class. Tests are open notes. Took him for a 6-9 and was out every time by 8. Gives lectures through powerpoint. I enjoyed the class.
Dr. Parker has received poor ratings by people who don't have the patience to work with him since he doesn't teach through a textbook like most professors. But you learn a lot if you engage during class time. I'd recommend him especially if you're a future teacher. He's super wise. It's a different experience worth having. Gives extra credit.
Great teacher! Take her class if you think you want to be a teacher! It will make you truly choose!
Funny guy, easy to talk to. His lectures are good, but you really need to do the homework too. Luckily he gives you cheat sheets after covering a chapter (no homework is collected though)
Don't be fooled by the number designation: GEOG101 was NOT an easy A. Great class for History-Ed students for credits. His lectures are very interesting and he is extremely nice. You NEED to study for these tests.
easy class if you put forth any work what-so-ever.
All notes are on slideshows and online...tough to make yourself go to class...great lecturer and nice guy, but tests are very deceitful...weather patterns aren't all that interesting either...read the book, go to review sessions and class
He's a chill dude. He grades somewhat harshly, but getting the grade you want is very doable if you put in at least a little effort. His handwriting is borderline illegible, but the notes he writes on the board aren't very important anyway. If you ask for an extension on an assignment he will almost always give it to you.
Really good professor. He both makes you work hard but keeps you interested in the material you're working on. A bit of a tough essay grader,but he will help make you better at it.
I find this professor to be Galatians and he is my favorite. Only thing, test are very hard and you have to learn most of your stuff outside of class.
OMG!! she is GREAT!!! She is one of my favorite teachers at Southwestern...I never thought Communication class was going to be so fun and interesting...take the class you won't regret it...oh and I got to say....I find her to be very attractive ;)
If you're looking for a communication professor, then she is the perfect one to chose. To begin shes young, smart, and damm good looking!!I really enjoyed her class she takes a lot of time to explain things and she makes the class a fun environment. Its easy!
There are 3 group projects and 3 tests. She's very helpful when you need it. Only one drawback does not give any extra credit. Other than that, she is an awesome teacher. Catch her if you can.
This class is easy if you do the readings and the short assignments. We had a group project where you go over a case and then make a game for the chapter. Tests are multiple choice, all from the book, so read read read. She does go through the slides really fast, but she lets us discuss the topic for however long we want.
Prof Crampton is what you would expect from an upper-level Seidman professor. She will make you work for your grade. She does get a little dull with her lectures, but I think it is because she tries to cram a lot of content into one class. She assigns a HUGE group project that takes up the last weeks of class. Prepare- she takes it very seriously.
Very nice prof! granted, her lectures are kind of pointless, and if she didn't take attendance, then there would really be no point to showing up. READ THE BOOK!! Her tests are based ONLY on that. But, they are not that hard as long as you READ! Group projects not bad at all, just as long as you have a good group. Take MGT with her! Easy grade!
Amazing teacher! He expects a lot from his students but he lets you rewrite the first few papers and lets you conference with him to make sure you're on the right track. He doesn't have a strict lesson plan, just lets students discuss and debate in class. He's crazy but it makes for an interesting and fun class. Highly recommend taking him!
he's got a great sense of humor but he doesn't need to explain as much as he did.
I really liked him, hes really sweet and old man cute. I never went to class, just showed up for the test and managed to get an A and I am HORRIBLE at math. Its not really easy- but if you put in a little effort its not that bad.
very nice and easy to talk to... fair grading scale
He is a straight forward guy who lets you know what he wants. Do the work thats expected of you and you will get a good grade. Journal helps with studying and terrible 10's help with learning everyday. Though its a beginners class, you learn alot. Took it before and failed it and he made it easier.
GO TO CLASS OR HE DROPS YOU 2 WHOLE LETTER GRADES. Prof. D is the most socially awkward professor ever. He tends to repeat himself, but all in all, he's a solid choice. Caring guy loves stats
Not the hardest class ever. If you're thinking that, you aren't studying hard enough.It's college, buck up. Domangue is very helpful and really wants his students to succeed. ALWAYS make use of his office hours.Do the hw even if it isnt for a grade,it def. helps you actually understand the concepts.
Shes not as bad as people make her seem. Shes a pretty easy professor and if you put in the effort youll get an A or B. She does rely on the powerpoint lecture but its not too bad and PASS is an extra boost to better understand the material. She also gives extra for every exam which helps a lot !!!
He's really a great guy and he want you to understand, but he tells you in the begining you have to do your homework in order to understand his lectures. On average he give about an hour or two worth of homework and he goes over any question you the following class. He move fast in his lectures, so do blink! I enjoy his class.
If you plan to take Kajiwara, make sure you are ready to take this class very seriously. This is not one of those "easy a classes." He is fast paced, strict, and will give you tons of hw and practice tests. If youre gonna take his class make sure you are ready to do a lot of work because youll really have to work for your grade and not slack off
Absolutely adorable! Yes, sometimes she's hard to understand and no, it's not an easy A, but you will not be disappointed with Guadalupe! She's very nice and an excellent, helpful professor. This class was easier than ones I took in high school but I learned twice as much.
Great teacher!
By far, the best professor I have ever had. I'll take another class with her in a heartbeat.
His lectures can sometimes be a snooze but ive never met a more knowledable educator in my entire life. Some say to take lots of notes, I say listen carefully to the lectures instead and study the readings well. If you actually want to learn something in this class, you can learn a ton from Poindexter.
He sounds like Sean Connery and is very interesting. His notes arent very helpful and he gives broad study guides for short tests but if you just know a little about things from the guide and what he expects youll be fine.
What a nice guy! Starts off class with fun videos to warm you up . Knows his stuff, and he's a big fan of ending class early. Awesome.
I would have got an A in the class if i didn't skip so many labs... the tests were easy if you study for a couple mins or so. Kept class alive.
Good teacher, and shes easy to understand. the tests are a bit on the hard side, and she has no expression what so ever! (very monotone)
great professor! lectures are very interesting for the most part. The assignments arent very hard and if you study for the tests, its not that difficult to get a B.
EXCELLENT SPEAKER...can keep ur attention at 9am ****/hungover/stoned. awesome guy. really witty. tests seem easy, but the grades prove otherwise. TAKE THIS CLASS.
i LOVE this man! gives outline of lectures so you only have to fill it in. doesn't test on weekly movies. no attendance policy. tests aren't too bad as long as you read over the chapters and the notes.
its a dumb stupid class, but the best of the packages to take
Dr. Chen is a great man! He's a little hard to understand but he's super lenient about grades. Lectures are boring but he always tells cheesy "jokes of the day". He always looks out for the best interest of students. Would take him again 9/10 recommend
Tony is the best guy to take math from in the ISAT department hands down.. he's a little hard to understand as he has an accent, but you get used to it.
He is the coolest teacher at JMU, and he knows what he's doing and gives you the joke of the day which I freakin love. Take him, he's my favorite
Very friendly, approachable teacher. The course is very easy, so there is no problem getting an A in this class, just do the homework and Labs!
Took her Spring '22 for GEOG 200 and although it is a Gen Ed class, she was a pretty caring professor and passionate about what she talked about as well as her students. There is only two things graded in the course, a few exams and a paper project, so you definitely need to be on top of it but overall the class is one of the best for a Gen Ed.
Loved this class as a geog major. Highly reccomend Nash, she does a great job. No HW just workbook stuff do with exams, and a final project. Loved the material and she does a great job of giving you the information and is willing to help you with any questions you have!
A tough grader and lots of readings, but lectures are clear and interesting. Tests are pretty hard; make sure you read and understand the readings very closely.
The professor is nice and enthusiastic, but this course is really hard. A lot of details are in it. Tests will cover almost all details he mentioned in his lectures. You have FOCUS every minute in his class. As a breath elective class, that is too tired.
Shes annoying but super nice and humorous. Class is easy but boring. Bring other hw to do during every class period. I would take her class again for an easy class.
He was a great professor. His personality is dull, but you'll survive. He went over the class material well and was very lenient with homework and objectives. The entire course was used from Aleks. He really cares for his students and want us to succeed. Overall I would take this course again. He's great!
Great professor. Class is interesting. Must have internet access at home for the class-or you will forever be in a computer lab. Internet software is used for about 80% of class. Several offline lessons. If you keep up with your work, you will have no problem with class. Graphing Calculator is needed.
Good instructor. Easy class if you follow along.
He tells you what section the lecture is going to be on. Quizzes & tests almost exactly resemble the h/w. He adds at least 12 points to tests. I've gotten perfect scores on both so far. The class did drop from about 40 people to 7. I dont know what they were expecting. If you haven't ever had to work hard don't expect to get an A without any effort
I've had both ITC 190 and 265 with Cregger. At his "worst" he reads straight from the slides and can be kind of dry. Other times he was cracking a lot of jokes and was much more engaged with the material. His grading scale was weighted equally between exams and homework so no single big failure ruins you. Altogether I think he's a good professor.
great teacher, taking again
Amazing teacher. Class is always fun and interesting. Grades hard on papers and test and you will have to study. Also must keep up on the reading. Recomend if you have any interest in Pysch!
A little strange, but definately knows what he is doing. The class is not overly difficult, and it is not true that it's hard for non-music majors. It can be a little awkward to be around him. Bring up music theatre or The Amazing Race and you'll never have another issue with him. Do practice outside of class.
good prof. learned a lot in there, not too hard.
Laurie is laid back and very friendly. Gets to know students and cares about them. Tells a lot of stories but sometimes she gets off on a tangent and its irrelevant. Overall, very easy and nice.
Great teacher.Really fun and the class is super interesting. A definate reccomandation.
His notes are on WebCT, but I still recommend going to class even though attendence isn't required. You do have to at least skim through the assigned chapters, but he does go over some of the important information for the exams.
Very interesting, smart prof. His methods helped my study habits in addition to knowledge of the material. READ THE BOOK.
he is one of the best teachers. He helps by telling you what exactly to study for the test rather then some profs,that make you study things that you dont need, he explanes things very clear.
So yes, I took this course because I heard it was an easy A and it fulfilled a requirement. But I actually learned a lot. He's incredibly passionate and knowledgeable about what he's teaching. I was fascinated by his way of connecting sports and religion.
Easy easy easy A. Sometimes class was really interesting, other times it was really dull. He brought in guest speakers, but most of them were really poor. One tried to sell me a book. Offers a lot of extra credit. There are 2 one page papers. He gives you all the questions for the test before hand. You can miss 3 classes and you will take them all.
The material need more boundaries, and less subjectivity, but his eccentricity overpowered any faults there might have been with his teaching style. He's insane... but it's a good thing.
This class was pretty hard, esp the exams. Palfai is a good teacher, funny and good at explaining stuff but most exam questions came from the book. Go to your TA for help because the lecture is huge (about 400 people in each section)
Is kind of quiet when he comes into the class and it is hard to understand what he is saying, but then he starts to talk clearly. Explains things well and his tests are not hard, if you come to class you will do well
pretty easy class. it's long though so you're gonna get bored. if you show up and do good on the quizzes and in class stuff you'll get a pretty easy A. i haven't even opened my book and i missed 3 classes and i still have a high B. nice guy, knows that most people there aren't into math. good guy.
he is a very good proffesor. The math teacher I had in high school taught where you didn't understand the subject what so ever. I get much clarity with his explanations and examples.
very easy, helpfull, nice. not much to do during class, but go to class cause my grade dropped a whole letter cause I only went to class to turn stuff in.
Very tough but interesting class. Read through your notes daily and you will do well. This isn't high school anymore, welcome to the adult world.
His art history classes are difficult, but well worth taking. He knows his stuff
She is a hard teacher but if you put in the time it's worth it. Write down absolutely everything she puts on the board. Her tests can be worded a little confusing but are pretty straightforward other than that. I didn't find her accent hard to understand but I know other people in my class did.
Knows his stuff. Great real-world experiences. Makes you work for grade -- no spoonfeeding. Very helpful.
Ended up taking a minor in Political Science just to attend more of his classes. He's hust brilliant. A committed civil rights activist and engaged empirical political scientist. And he's fair, offers extra credit, and makes lectures interesting with some humor. Will support you out of school, and has a lot of advice about publishing your research.
Cares about students. Teaches us to think, not just go by what others say. He never penalizes students who disagree with him as long as they back up what they say with facts. Wish that was true of all profs. If you want to learn about the real world, take one of his classes. Fair minded and approachable teacher.
Ball is great. Very conservative but he is fair to everybody. One of my favorite professors.
At first you think he's a crazy truck driver who someone managed to con the university into hiring him as a prof. It's all an act---he's brilliant and a great teacher. I also think he's a closet liberal!
He does play favorites, and he will tell you that. raise your hand, participate in class, and he will be much more lenient when it comes to grading your stuff. i know because i had him twice. and he is LIBERAL!!! read the text, participate, ask questions, and DO THE PRIMARY DOC REVIEWS and be able to cite examples on the exam. it's a fun class too.
Had him for an online class, made it somewhat more difficult, but he was helpful and quite lenient in grading. Saw a pic of him too. He's hot! Would've liked to sat in his class and looked at him! hee hee
She has high expectations, but she's ALWAYS there if you have questions. Her labs are fun and usually you get a snack out of it! It's important to attend every class, she will cover a lot of material in a single session - though, I don't see how this is much different from other college courses. She dorky and charming. I really enjoyed GL 101.
Ifyou do the work she sets and you listen in class you wont have a problem. She is really knows her geology. Hint do the extra credit, its easy. Loved the class.
Professor Webster was great. He was very quirky, but it was funny. I liked him, and he was very knowledgeable. Class was pretty easy, and overall a good experience.
Mrs. B was awesome, but I am also able to follow detailed instructions. If you can not follow her strict guidelines then you will not do well. Ask questions. Expect to be treated as an adult because she will not pamper you. EN097 is more about following the format than how well you can write. I got an A in her class and I am a terrible writer.
she rocks. great teacher, knows her stuff, tries to help the students do well.
Your crazy if you don't think that she is amazing. Unlike many other college professors, she incorporates teaching methodology into her instruction as well as lectures. I found her class extremely worthwhile and well-organized.
Mr. Tower is a nice guy who wants to know his students. He didn't always seem prepared for class, but the readings were interesting and the assignments helped me become a better writer. DO YOUR HOMEWORK! Reading quizzes are difficult to pass if you have not read the material! If you do your work and can write a paper, this is not a hard class.
This class is super easy because he gives you the test questions so all you have to do is memorize them. However, if you would actually like to learn about criminal justice I would not suggest this class because he has turned it more into a life lesson class. 95% of the class is him teaching you his life lessons, 5% actually about criminal justice.
funny guy, kept the class interesting, wasn't hard at all. The test and quizzes were posted on black board to practice, i learned a lot.
Ignore the harsh comments. He's a great guy and doesn't expect much. Turn your homework in on time (like a normal college student should..) and you'll pass with flying colors. He doesn't really read over and correct homework, he just checks that its done and gives you the points. How easy is that?
Dr. Willson is an awesome teacher. One of the few left that teaches history the way it is supposed to be taught.
it is an easy fun class if that is what you are looking for but if you are there to learn you will work and learn more than you thought you were paying for. it is a world so in depth that you cant learn it all in one progam johnothan teaches you how to learn. every word and lesson has more than one meaning. if you dont get it find something new.
he lets you learn a lot from other students, that's very nice
Very great with lectures, I enjoyed zoom class a lot with this professor. As long as you keep your camera on and participate every once in a while, you are all good. Easy learning and if you fall behind her lectures help you to catch up. No complaints. Just keep up with due dates with this professor and you will be fine.
Great class, lucky had good people to take it with. Very nice and helpful learning how to over come your fear of public speaking. She is a tough grader and I never got above a B+ on a speech. All her quizzes are posted on her BlackBoard and are word from word. If you miss your speech day you can only make up one with late points, so show up!
I loved this class, it has to be the most interesting class I took at CC. She is a fun person and very cheerful. She shows lots of interesting vidoes in this course. Just come to class, listen to the reviews and you shouldn't have a prob.
Professor Welling is really nice & she always brings a smile to class! She gives out enough handouts for you to understand the material & she also goes over the handout with you. Lots of examples are provided & quizzes are almost always take home. If you write down the examples & go to class you're sure to pass, if not ace, the tests!
Very nice person. Willing to help you if you're struggling. Very flexible... helped me in a tight spot. Lectures a little boring but i'm not one for math. Take her if you hate math but try not to take the class in the morning ;)
As long as you complete each assignment, this class is pretty easy to pass. The professor gives his students 2 weeks to complete each module, which is very convenient! The only downfall to this class was the lack of communication from the professor.
At first I didn't like Prof. Spoelman and his teaching style, but the more I was in class the more I understood it. Accounting 2 is tough but Spoelman makes it easy. He is hilarious and uses great examples to help you learn and retain the content.
Mr. Spoelman is an interesting character. He at first comes off as being a complete psycho, but he is really funny once you get to know him. The jokes he tells in class are meant to get your attention back from wandering. He really knows his stuff.
knows his stuff, RL examples, funny
If you do the weekly problem sets, as well as attend class and take notes regularly you will do fine. He cares about everyone passing and actually learning. He takes a dry subject and turns it into something interesting during lecture. Go to the help room and office hours if needed, very helpful. Exams sometimes tricky, just study and get help.
Absolutely loved him as a professor. He loves to crack corny jokes and will sometimes sing in class. He truly cares about his students and wants them to do well in his class and often reminds his students of where to find help if it is needed. He makes the material easy to understand and hand writes all notes (no power points).
Loved her! The sweetest and most caring professor I've had at GRCC. She can go a little fast and this makes the material confusing at times, but she is always willing to help and encourages students to get help during her office hours. Replies to e-mails super fast. She also lets you attempt the hw as many times as you want before the due date.
Really nice person and has a passion for what she does. I question her clarity sometimes and I know others in my class did as well. She tends to talk/explain things very fast and it can lead to confusion. A lot of hands-on work in the class which was very helpful.
Mrs. Hess is great. She's very smart and sometimes hard to follow. She rules!!
I enjoyed being in his class really good sense of humor made the class very enjoyible
I would recommend Professor Hower to students who don't good in math, or think they won't do a good job in Stats. If you do the bare minimum you will pass, and if you push a little harder you can easily get an A. My only complaint is when we switched to remote learning, she was hard to reach. She only responded back to a few of my emails.
Take stat 216 if you want to spend every waking hour doing homework.
Boring. BORING! Labs are cool. Take notes directly off his powerpoints and never read the book...ace the class. It's a good 4 credit GPA boost.
Pretty easy class if you know how to follow directions.
Dr. Rich is wonderful. The class is very difficult: two long papers, weekly VSpace posts, quizzes every class period, long exams, sometimes the lectures can get boring. But you do learn a good deal and she is one of the most dedicated professors at trying to get people to a good grade if you seek out help.
Very nice person. If you are male, you will prob not like the reading choices. Took a short semester, and I dont think she could appreciate the density of reading assignments she was requiring. It was the only class I had and I spent every spare moment reading to keep up. Often ran over the clock.
Prof. Rich is a very nice lady, and is very clear how she wants the assignments done. She is very helpful is you just ask her. Peer edits on papers, which there is about 5 and some reading quizzes, but they're not that hard. I did really well on my last paper and got done with the class early
Great class! Take it with her if you can.
He was a pleasure when I had him, but now looking back, I appreciate how wonderful he was even more. I had little interest prior to the class, but his passion and intellect are infectious. He may objectify you a bit, but if he does it's a good sign - it's funny too. If you follow his lead, taking this class will be a golden, memorable experience.
Very easy class. Gives outlines to lectures in advance and tells you what info will be on the test. If you only study his outlines you will know 98% of what is on the test. The other 2% is in the book, which you never open. There are 2 class assignments, which you score an automatic 100% each just for taking the 3rd test.
He is a very knowledgeable teacher. Kind. Sometimes it is hard to follow his thoughts. Later when you think about it,things become clearer.He is a genius.
He smells real nice, and he is dedicated to what he is doing.
Pay attention, take notes, and ask questions. There are notes on blackboard that you print out and it's pretty easy to follow. He is helpful, well organized, and caring. I took him for Calculus I & II and am going to take him again for Calculus III.
Very knowledgable, great professor, keeps you interested in the subject, and always very helpful as long as you are willing to learn. Don't be a jack*** in his class cause he'll make you look like an idiot, wish my professors were like him.
Do the work and you will get a good grade. She knows her stuff and teaches it well. I personally got a bad grade but that was my own doing. Sometimes we fail to realize our own mistakes and blame the teacher, not fair. She's awesome, so take her.
shes up to date, actually alive, but you must do the work
Willing to help you if you have trouble with the material. Always takes questions at the start of the class. Just tends to keep you for the whole time, but hey your getting your moneys worth of classtime, cant complain. Heres a quote: "It's not what you dont know, it's what you know that isn't so."
While writing 150 is a tough class, professor Hulst does a great job at making the best possible. He is there for his students, and will help as much as possible. 100% would have him as a prof again!
Great guy. Understands that life happens if you have to miss class. Great feedback on papers/assignments. Adjust to his feedback and participate in writing consultant groups when available and you'll ace your final portfolio. He has an awkward sense of humor but it's funny. Best class I had all semester.
Prof. Hulst is sweet. I have never been a strong writer but he worked with you and was very layed back. If you plan on taking 098 i would definetly recommend this teacher.
Dr. Philips starts pretty intimidating, but eases up over the course of the class. Takes good notes in class and on the book. Make sure to understand the material forwards, backwards, upside down, and inside out. You will be graded on your critical understanding of the material. I may not have done well, but I do not regret taking it.
His classes are a challenge, you have to be able to learn from the book, since he doesn't simply repeat the textbook to you like so many other profs. He's fun to listen to and he'll try to scare you on the first day (don't let him).
Prof.Phillips was amazing!!! The hardest class I have ever taken, but the best. Always interesting to listen to. Makes you look at the world totally different and you will appreciate it. Laughed a lot this last semester. 3 hard essays but fair grader.
One of the most, no- THE MOST difficult class i've ever taken. The best class i've ever had, too. I like an easy A as much as the next student, but this class will change the way you look at things, and Phillips gives you an amazing opportunity you won't regret.
Brian is teaching in Germany at our university at the moment. I think he is really brilliant. He is the only professor that actually makes us come out of the lesson and keep talking about it for another 30 minutes. All students enjoy every minute and could listen to him for another hour. We will miss him so much!!!
Brian made my GVSU experience an awesome one. Yes, he does actually make you work, but your in college get over it! He will be a professor that you will remember for the rest of your life. If it were not for him I would not be where I am today. He is always willing to help. I have nothing but respect for this professor. Very entertaining class.
Incredibly hard! You really have to work, but it's fantastic information. He's randomly funny and odd. You never know what he'll say... but he gets his point across. He also cares about the students.
sweet ****ing class if you'll study for tests
The class was pretty hard....read the book, do the crosswords, use the webpage and if you can go to SI sessions. Groups were a blast!!! Overall the class was interesting and could be fun...Although things can get tedious. Good luck with the tests....
Prof. Thompson is a really friendly guy who gives interesting lectures. He expects that you don't hand in half-baked photo assignments, but he grades fairly. This is an intro class, so don't sweat it. Would recommend to anyone.
really good prof. fun and easygoing. sometimes gets behind on due dates. tests are fine if you study and go to class. photo hist can be dry, but how exciting can you make a history lecture? Tony's great! go to SPE conferences!
Great teacher. has a lot to offer students. i highly reccomend!
Kind of intimidating (more approachable outside of class time), but overall a great professor who knows what he's doing. He'll ask you to do the homework but it won't be graded - do it anyway though because the class is way tougher otherwise
If you pay attention and take notes you'll be able to apply those notes in class to any homework or quiz. He made some basic Calc problems actually seem easy. He doesn't seem like the nicest guy but he's pretty generous grade wise
Going to class is pointless. There is one quiz per week and all answers are in the book. Very easy class just do not miss a quiz or it will lower your grade a lot! There is a mandatory music concert where you have to write a short, easy review. Also there is an extra credit concert. I would definitely recommend this class.
He is super nice and the class is very easy. You only need to take an easy test every week and a final and all are online. In addition, you need to write a concert report. Attendance is not mandatory.
He and two other professors(Warman & Flood) rotated in teaching the course every 5 weeks. Pretty easy. For Yearger's part, we didn't have to go to class; it was taught online. Might seem hard, but is not-just take notes.
Nice person, wants everyone to succeed. Always open for questions. Lectures can be boring and slow, but overall a good teacher.
like someone else said... impossible to fail. and he makes a good effort to help out people who need it. the class is easy
This was my second class with professor Nobiletti. I had him for HIS406 (History of Sexuality). The classes were similar in format and obviously different in content. It's not your typical boring history class, there are a lot of interesting lectures, movies, etc. Loads of opportunity for extra credit and with moderate effort you can get an A.
I absolutely enjoyed this class. History was taught from a different perspective, and is not your typical history lesson. We're not in high school anymore, so keep up with the readings and you'll do great in this class. One of my favorite classes in my entire college experience (I'm in my 3rd year)!!
This class was great! The lectures are fun and interesting, plus he offers so much extra credit for anything!! I am a business major and I hate history but this was by far the best history class I have ever taken. Just show up to class and take a couple notes and you will do great. All tests are take home. Amazing course and great professor.
Great class. A nice way to round out your education. Even if you don't agree with all of his tenants, the class gives you a lot to think about. Prof. Nobiletti is a really nice guy who enjoys teaching and talking with students. Lots of reading, fortunately it gets more interesting as the semseter progresses. Definitely recommend this class!
cool professor,very demanding,attend class and do all the reading...he assigns a grip of readings so don't be lazy...overall he is a good professor...highly recommended...
Very good teacher; very interesting, you learn a lot; just read and do the quizzes and you'll do fine (A or B). Is a nice guy and teaches American History how it should be taught: unbiased and truthful.
Very helpful and kind. She was always offering to meet up with students to help. The group project is definitely time consuming. The data analysis project is a lot of work but definitely helps when it comes time for the final. Only two tests that aren't that bad if you follow her study guides. Not as bad of a class as people make it out to be.
It's a class that is up to you on how well you do. She expects a lot, and it is work. But She outlines what's on the exams (which are fair and don't try to trick you). Stay on top of the project, get a good group together, and you'll be fine.
Great Teacher!
Great Professor. Makes a boring lecture into something fun and entertains the class. You have to read the books, because you'll either be quized on them or tested on them for the Mid-term or Final. He lets you know what will be on them ahead of time, it helps to study. Not much extra credit,but he will help in any way he can if your having trouble.
He has a very big ego, but with good reason. It is obvious that he knows an incredible amount of information on his subject and his sincere passion for it makes it very difficult not to love the class. It is time consuming but if you come to class, take good notes, do the reading, and use the study guide you will surely get an "A" and retain a lot
As most PhD professors, he is arrogant and a know it all, but the coolest one Ive ever met.There is a lot of reading to do in Hist of Cal.If you can keep up with the reading its easy, and despite others saying that the study guide doesn't help he goes over everything on the test in lecture. Be glad he doesnt use it all.One of the best Prof at BC.
He was demanding and expected a lot of work. Reading was pretty extensive and he ran our class like a seminar, but you can't blame him because it is a 400 level class and it does prepare you for Grad school. People think he's hard because he actually makes you think and work for your grade.
Great instructor, few assignments. There is a group project and 2 exams. Study for exams and you'll be fine. No attendance, but gives easy points for group activities during class so don't skip a single day.
Cool guy, really down to earth, but probably the most pointless class I've ever taken. Unfortunatly it's a requirement so there's not much you can do. Go to class because he takes attendance randomly. Tests are weird and don't really seem related to lectures but you can easily pull off a B if you just show up.
GREAT TEACHER...REALLY CARES ABOUT HIS STUDENTS. (HE WILL KNOW YOUR NAME BY THE 3RD WEEK)..IGNORE THE BAD REVIEWS REALLY..HE IS A GREAT GUY WHO WANTS HIS STUDENTS TO FOLLOW THEIR PASSIONS...ALLOWS 1 PAGE OF NOTES DOUBLE SIDED FOR TESTS...HES THE ONLY 454 TEACHER...WILL HELP YOU WITH ANY Q'S YOU HAVE
I had him for 350 and 454. He is an awesome teacher. Classes are interesting, and he grades super easy. This class is a tuff A but the easiest B you will ever get
Real funny guy, knows trig real well doesn't really teach it to you unless you ask. Very willing to help other.
Yanksak is the funniest teacher I've had. He makes comments while he is at the board, calls people jerks, etc. (all in joking) The material is relatively simple, if you don't understand, let him know...he will not go on until you get it. He does however like it when people answer his questions.
math sucks ...nice guy, take his class
was helpfull, the class was fun
He does not teach history in a traditional way. There is a 7-8 page paper due at the end of the semester, two blue books (Midterm/Final), and 2 scantron exams (these are easy! He gives you the answers ahead of time so its all memorization). This is not an easy class! If you must take it go to class, do every assignment, and do NOT procrastinate!!
Enlightened education at its finest. Just as most of these post say, if you want an A, look somewhere else. If you want to learn and learn how to learn, this is the class for you. Dr. Y did an amazing job of covering 5 centuries of material. Lectures were interesting and thought provoking. Definitely opened my eyes to a world I had no clue about.
I liked this class, at first it was weird bc he does not tell you straight facts like most history classes, he wants you to think on your own, he tells you two different sides, and you have to choose. 6 quizzes, two essay tests, and one paper, not too hard, but NOT an easy A.
What a cool dude. I am now searching for more classes he teaches for a humanities credit because I love his class so much. Dr. Cerutti gives no homework for this class, no final, and he's hilarious. Also gives you 26 extra credit opportunities by just reading the book out loud in class. He's awesome and this class is super easy, I highly recommend
This is seriously the EASIEST class at ECU. All you have to do is show up and it is an easy A! He is hilarious and this is honestly the only class in my 4 years I have wanted to go to to see what he was going to say during class. His sense of humor is a little strange but it's worth waking up for.
Not an easy class. All memorization. He makes class entertaining, but his grading system sucks.
Ivan truly cares that his students do well and learn the basics. He is funny, a fair grader and rather human for a CS prof!
The only bad thing I can say is that he goes overboard when answering questions in class. Other than that, he's great. He posts the notes on line before class, so you only need to go to class if you have questions. A book isn't required which is nice for $$. And he's almost always available for office hours. What more could you want?
This class was REALLY easy in the beginning but then it got harder as it went along. I didn't understand anything in the end but if u do really well in the beginning you'll still get a good grade. I got a D on my final and i still got a B in the class. THis is an ok class. Would recommend.
Great Teacher, easy and very helpful
I really enjoyed the class. The material was interesting and informative. She was very helpful and excitied about the subject matter. Very nice, giggled alot. Come to class! Attendance is very important to her. Overall really good experience.
Clear lecture and notes, very interesting intonation. She explains deeply for those important and hard concepts of programming. Fair exams, acceptable program assignment. Good professor over all. If you really want to learn, take her!
Challenging but fair. The guy knows his stuff. .
If you think Dr. Bloem is a tough grader or don't like her classes then you're obviously just lazy. Although she does require a lot of reading, all of the reading are very informative and you learn so much. She knows what she's talking about and truly cares about seeing her students succeed. Get to know her and she'll never forget about you!
This was by far the best Prof. I have had at GVSU. She is a bit hard to follow on her directions, but is very open to talk with you after class, office hours, etc. I recomend her to anyone that wants to learn a lot!
Difficult class, but Bloem was very fair with us. She is b/very available for help. Not bad looking, in my estimation.
awesome prof! i learned a lot...good tips for after grad
I love Musselman! He brightens my day. If I ever needed help with an assignment, he would write out the correct format and try to assist me as best as he could. I'm so sad he's retiring. Honestly, one of the nicest profs in COB. If you can get on his good side, he will hook you up. Tests are open-note so bring all you have and ORGANIZE them!
Amazing professor, I was struggling in C211 and he stuck with me and helped my grade out a ton towards the end. Now I'm in his C212 and I'm doing much better, he cares a lot about his students and wants you to do well, but he'll challenge you as well.
Professor German is very helpful and seems to have 24/7 availability. He is often late to class but maybe this is related to his office hours. Given his generosity in grading, availability, and answers to problems, it is unreasonable to complain about his lateness to lectures. However, he is slow at getting official grades posted.
one of the profs at the arbor that actually knows what he is doing or talking about...exceptionally gifted man.... fun to learn from if you can keep up with some stuff....
I personally find this class easy. His own personal outlines are extremely lengthy because he goes into crazy detail. Just study for the tests and do the practice problems over and over until you get the hang of it and you'll do just fine. The three tests are 96% of your grade, so you need to do well, but the material is not that bad if you try.
Trezger is a decent teacher, but he wants to see you succeed. Even as a finance major, this intro class is the hardest class I've taken at ISU. The entire class is three tests, but he offers optional reviews the week of. I would highly recommend going to these and visiting him in his office if you want to succeed in 240 and plan on taking him!
Don't buy the textbook, you will never use it. Tests are very difficult, but I think that mainly has to do with the subject matter. I never missed a class and only studied about 6-10 hours the day before each exam and I managed to get a B in the class. I feel like if I had actually done all the recommended problems, I could have gotten an A.
Dont buy the book. Really nice guy, go to class no matter what. Tests consist of mostly computational problems (do the problems) and several logic problems that he gives away in class whenever attendence is low. All you have to do for an A is go to every class and do the problems. Im banking on getting him to write a recommendation for a job for me
Lectures can be boring but he does do a great job of teaching the material. It is always nice to have a teacher that loves to teach and help you if you need it.
Good teacher. Hard. He really wants you to understand the material. The main problem is that he just talks about the homework and doesn't go over it. But he gives you Gigantic step by step how to's on each problem (if you want to print them off the website).
I struggled in this class. I wish he would actually work out problems in class. I totally bombed my second test but thanks to his study session I learned everything in 2.5 hours at the last study session. GO TO THEM!
It's a very hard class, it's college anatomy. You will have to put in the work, especially for the lab. The tests are very similar to lab quizzes. I took notes on book chapters and did very well on the tests. The lecture is hard to follow and boring but he has a dry sense of humor so that makes it a little easier to not fall asleep.
Dr. Woodman makes you work hard, but that shouldn't be mistaken for him being a bad professor. He really knows what he is talking about and just has a way of teaching that makes it make sense. With that said, its still a lot of material and takes work, especially lab. With how much I studied, I felt the tests were not difficult at all.
Dr. Woodman is one of my favorite teachers I've had yet at UNL. Obviously, the class is hard because there's SO MUCH information. Woodman presents info clearly and is often hilarious in lecture, and he helps his students succeed. You can re-watch lectures, and he basically writes the notes for you. It's a ton of work, but completely worth it!
The class is hard. It's anatomy. But once you get over the fact that "everyone" has failed it. coming from someone who HAS failed it before it's not hard to fail. It's hard to take in that much information too. He's a wonderful teacher and if you ask he will help. They Pre-made notes are the best way to take notes and he even uses them.
Very friendly and helpful. Class is challenging, but she makes sure not to pass anyone by.
Great prof! Gives clear explanations for everything, always willing to help, and assigns work with a PURPOSE instead of busywork. Doesn't seem too interested in the material, but that's not his fault. He's pretty impersonal and won't try to be your friend, but that's not what I'm here for. A+++.
At first I thought she was very boring, but later realized it was the material during the first few weeks that was. She is a great prof. & knows what she is teaching. Show up to lecture, & tests are not hard. The material for the 2nd test is MUCH more interesting, don't get discouraged. She even sent my parents a letter when I got an A. Great Prof!
I loved Andy's courses. During my time at IU I took three of his music classes, two being general history of rock classes and one being his Frank Zappa class. Listen to the music and pay attention in class and you've got an A. He makes it clear what content will be covered on the exam. He's hilarious and has a lot of insight on life. Take it!
He's hilarious, but he goes on with the jokes for too long and we end up having very little time to engage in lectures. I still found the material engaging and interesting, but you really have to study for the exams.
B Hiddy was the stuff! Come to class and get ready to laugh.
The class is not an easy A, you will need to read, study and attend lectures (but it's not hard either). Bhiddy is awesome, so good that I'm taking a class next semester just because he teaches it.
Awesome professor. Class was very interesting. The reading can be pretty boring. The tests were difficult for a 100 level class. Make sure you attend all the lectures
Awesome! He tells a bunch of jokes. Sometimes you don't get them but his class is a nice break from the stress of college. Like he says, "This class is an easy C."
Whitmer is a great professor for C and Unix. He's not an ass liek everyone says. He doesn't take your b.s. though. Turn in assignments on time, come to class prepared, and have a basic understanding and you'll easily earn an A. Engage in basic brown-nosing behavior and he's nice. He also looks like a Jedi boy scout. How can you go wrong with that?
Awesome teacher. Probably the most interesting class I've taken. Easy class just take good notes and listen to the Beatles a lot.
She is fairly clear and concise. Class Attendance is not mandatory, however, going to class is fairly necessary due to the level of difficulty of her tests. The tests are hard, but with adequate studying and moderate class participation, the tests should not be that bad. She is very approachable and very clear, and has a funny, yet dry sense of hum
The grading is very easy for this class. There are some surprise papers that you must be present in class lecture in order to receive credit for. You are expected to write a 2 page weekly for class discussion, but the grading was pretty as long as you completed the paper on time. The tests are pretty easy, just pay careful attention to the wording.
A304 is not an easy class but I think you have a better shot of getting an A with prof Head. Attendance is required and she is strict about it, but she is very available if you need help and wants her students to do well. I recommend following the exam help sheet and doing the hw, also re-watch the class videos before the exams.
This class was by no means "easy." But, to be fully honest, you should be able to do fine if you put in the work. I didn't do any practice tests for the final and got a near perfect on it ( I did practice tests for the first three tests and didn't do so well). If you understand WHY things work + the entries then you should be fine. Julie was great!
Overall not a very hard class. Takes attendance, so attend even if you can learn most of the material from the book.
It's hard to do poorly in this class. The grades mostly come from participation/HW completion and a case study over a person you choose. The lectures aren't mandatory but they're super interesting and you'll learn a lot. There's a fair bit of reading assigned but most of the time you can skim it and still know what's going on.
Professor Hollist is a nice guy and is helpful when you speak to him outside of class. He can be a difficult grader, especially when it comes to poetry, but it's nothing necessarily unfair. Attendance is not mandatory but part of your grade is participation. Good class to take if you enjoy writing, but if not, don't ruin it for others who do.
Funny, smart, I just love sitting in class and listening to him talk! Really makes you think, just take lots of notes and do the readings and you will get a good grade. You basically give respect and pay attention and do assignments and you get the grade you deserve.
He might be tough but he really did help my writing improve. That B was probably my happiest grade b/c earning a B in his class is like an A in any other class! He's a great guy and the class was really helpful!
Generous curve in honors class. Really helpful during office hours. REALLY loves math. I would take another class with him
Greg Peters is sooo nice! He is easily accessible and more than willing to help. Beware, though, the class is very fast-paced. Homework isn't graded (but it helps to do it), and the quizzes and tests have really hard problems on them, so be ready to put in some effort!
Really nice guy, a bit quirky, but enthusiastic about teaching calculus. Provides study guides before exams. Has weekly quizzes, but about half of them are "take home". If you have a question, ask!! Very helpful and doesn't mind explaining. Exams are not bad if you study (no surprises). Homework load is extremely manageable. Highly recommended!
Awesome teacher really easy to understand and follow. Always willing to help out if you have a problem. Quizzes on mondays are the only mandatory day, no make up for those but he drops the lowest 5 quiz grades so its not bad.
If you listen to what she has to say, and aren't bullheaded enough to try and prove her wrong, than you will get an A or B in this class. I enjoyed myself very much!!
Dr. Meek is by far my favorite Calculus professor at this university. He is fairly good at explaining concepts by not going through the material too quickly, but you also need to pay attention and should probably sit in the front. Overall, if you actually do your work and study, there is no reason to do poorly in his class. And he gives easy tests!
If you want an easy A, definitely take her. Dr. Aley is so nice and understanding and grades papers very easily as long as you turn them in on time. Don't skip class! pretty much your only other grade besides your papers. She is EXTREMELY liberal and will talk about her beliefs a lot so keep that in mind if that bugs you!
I learned more about writing in this class than any other. His experience is his strength. As a teacher he can be a little repetitive and classes can get sleepy. However, he is a first class writer and I'm keeping my notes!
He's a great teacher and really explains the material well. I actually enjoyed history for a semester! Also, he looks like Denzel Washington in a blazer ;-)
This class seemed so much worse than it is until I realized there is a HUGE curve on everything. Coming from someone who likes to read, the amount of reading in this class is crazy, and you have to do it to pass the open-response quizzes. Responses are graded pretty easy with clear feedback. Just do the work decently and you should be fine!
Definitely the easiest grader on the H2P I teaching team, but I definitely thought his lectures were the most interesting, and I really appreciated the fact that he treated us like actual college students. He's a really smart guy and his drill sections always gave us something to think about. I got an A despite not doing most of the reading.
His class was easy overall, but he is a stickler for keeping you until the very last minute. Seriously, one time he said "Don't pack up yet! I still have 30 seconds!" Yikes.
Dr. Purvis is the MOST interesting man you will ever meet. He has so many experiences and he shares them, if they are related to the class. I recommend taking any class from him ,just maybe not a 3 hour one day a week class. He can be a little dry, but he knows SO MUCH!
He's nice.. really funny. You won't like him at first, but I love him
This class isn't very hard, but it's realllly boring. He'll tell you what will be on the tests, so they aren't hard. The papers are long, but he grades them fairly. He'll tell a ton of stories about where he's been and what's he's done, and most are pretty interesting...Take Purivs for IR.
He's a really nice guy who obviously knows his stuff. This class, however, is just memorizing lots and lots and lots of little details. The course title is misleading. It's not really media and society but the history of the media and all of the conglomerates that own modern companies. Not too hard.
I think he's a great guy and he's got a great sense of humor. He even sang Elvis songs to our class! It was great. The tests arent terrible..just take notes and read some stuff. The optional assignments kinda suck, but they are definitely manageable if you dont procrastinate.
No test! All short papers, 1-2 pages double spaced. Very easy class. Show up for class, participation is 25% of your grade. He was very nice, and I would take him again.
Great tough professor. He is one of those professors that is trying to help you by making it tough now so it isnt so tough in the real world. Studying is a must, attendance is not. He makes the first test out to be alot harder than it really is, so don't over study. Read the book before the test and skim the ppt slides. Would take him again.
Professor Brewer is amazing and tries her hardest to make the material easier to understand it is simply just a very hard course. The tests are not very forgiving but its easier to make up points in other areas of the class. You have to show up or your grade will suffer.
LOVES teaching and is always enthusiastic and happy to see her students. Pay attention, work problems in class, because the HW/exam q's are more in depth and you need content mastery to get an A. Go to office hours with questions. If you get to know her, she will write you GLOWING letters of recc. There is no better professor than Dr. Brewer.
She was a good teacher. If you attend SI regularly, do most of your homework, and all the projects the test should be fairly easy. Ask questions as you go along, dont wait to the last minutes. The practice test are almost identical to the real test.
She is the worst teacher that i have ever had. She says that she wants everyone to do well on her tests but then has math problems that aren't partial credit! Chem 1 and 2 are hard classes even if you enjoy Chemistry. I would recommend taking it during the summer or somewhere else. She is SUPER hard!
She's nice and helpful, but the tests are significantly more challenging than the homework and lecture prepares you for.
She is probably the best chemistry teacher, but she's not helpful in her office.
Britton is the best! He is funny and usually lets class out early, Read the book and buy the study guide (he will talk about it on the first day) and you will be fine he sometimes has pop quizes but not too often
Great lecturer - moves a quick pace and is extremely clear. Cusses a lot, has a pretty good sense of humor. Gives really easy pop quizzes every 3-4 classes. Tests are a lot harder than I would have expected for a regular course, but are short. Reading is helpful, but not essential. If you know how to read graphs well will be easy A.
cusses a lot, so nobody sleeps in class. gives good notes, definitely attend the study sessions. fairly easy, if you study.
Stapp is a good professor that is passionate about the material. He gives several extra credit opportunities so be sure to take him up on them as come end of semester there's no wiggle room. He gives lectures on white board and doesn't record them so be sure to go to class otherwise you will miss information. Computers and phones are not allowed.
Stapp is a pretty good teacher, and he is definitely passionate (especially about Japan!). Tests are super intimidating, but I don't believe we ever had homework that was not extra credit. He will tell you a million times that his grading is strict and he WILL NOT round you up to the next letter grade. But he rounded me up one point to get an A.
A great teacher. Very fun and entertaining. No textbook. Not everyone likes him, but I thought that he was hilarious. I'd definitely take him again if given the chance.
Stapp tries to make the class interesting by putting real facts into it. He also talks a lot about Japan b/c he goes there every summer. Tests are comprehensive and require you to be in class. He gives out random information that you need to remember, even though it probably doesn't have anything to do with Micro.
If you've got a brain in your head and you know how to use it, you should take this class. If you can't drag your butt out of bed at 7:30 find someone else. I went to class once a week, turned in all kinds of extra credit, challenged his opinions and made HIM think....and walk out of this class with an A.
I stopped showing up after week 3 and still got a B. The class is easy.
This class was so awesome. The lectures were interesting, but all of the notes are online so it's not hard to jump back in when you miss. You need to study for the tests, but there are so many extra credit points that it's hard to do poorly in the class. He really seems to care for his students and he puts grades up super fast to eliminate stress.
Adams was a pretty chill professor. Very helpful, and the class overall is really easy. There's a test every 2 weeks over the past 2 chapters, but if you pay attention, you're good. I'd recommend getting the book, helps out a lot, as Adams does not address everything. Attendance isn't mandatory and he has a "makeup exam day" if you miss an exam.
You don't have to come to class in order to get an A. We had a test every other Friday, a final, and two short papers... read the book and follow the powerpoints that he puts on blackboard and you will be GOLDEN! Gives SO MUCH extra credit opportunities! I ended up with 60 points OVER a 100%... I'd definitely recommend him...
Professor Adams is an awesome teacher! I am taking him for general sociology. You do not have to ever go to class on Tuesdays and there are no tests! Just weekly quizzes every Thursday! The good thing is that he gives a ton of extra credit and wants you to do good Bad side you have to devote about an hour and a half to study for the quiz each week
He is a great man, with a good heart. Very helpful and generous. Can ramble from time to time, and can get confusing. Sometimes the required reading is a bit difficult too. As a person Great, as a teacher Good.
Excellent teacher. Hard subject and some of his projects are just as hard, but he is more than willing to offer help if you seek it. People say he doesn't explain, but he does. The subject is just a complicated one and people take out their frustrations of the subject on him. Would take the professor for every class if I could.
Very...dry sense of humor. Great prof though.
Interesting sense of humor. Made the class alot of fun.
Good class, great prof! Interesting, funny guy. Learned a lot!
Excellent instructor - it's about time someone showed some control in the class room so we can learn without distractions from immature students. One of the best professors - IF you're ready to learn and willing to put some time and effort into your work!
Professor Siu uses an old projector for her lectures but the content is very good. She is clear on what to expect on the tests and she is very generous with extra credit opportunities.
easy class. just do owl and show up. study notes, don't have to read.
Class can be hard, depending on topic. She is not very clear when it comes to answering questions from students. Knows chem well, but can't get the ideas across to students very good. Tests are hard, espicially final. Do OWL, read the book, and don't skip class too much. It is hard to catch up.
Dr. Pearson is a really helpful professor! If I had a problem or didn't understand the material he went over in class, he would arrange a time for me to meet with him, even at his own inconvenience! His class is really hard and I made the mistake of skipping a few times. Overall, he is a really nice guy!
Hard readings by McLuhan. He does a great job of explaining the materials. The class is funny and interesting. I think if any other professor tried to teach this course it would be a flop.
Good course. Nice guy.
His notes are excellent. The class moves at a crazy fast pace; if you slack for just a few seconds you've fallen behind. Homework and tests are extremely difficult, but he goes out of his way to make sure you know what to expect and gives you the necessary knowledge to succeed.
Wonderful! Very helpful. Very nice!
He was an awesome teacher. He made class ineresting and fun. I learned a lot and it was my favorite history class I have ever taken. The midtern and final exam are a little intense, however I would recommend the class to anyone!
Loved teaching and was super funny in class.
Ernie was awesome. For the first time in my life, I could understand a math teacher. I think I finally have a grasp on basic algebra. He will help you immensely one on one if you need it. SO FRIENDLY!!! love him.
He can be very long winded at times in his lecture, but tries to keep students interested. He has no control over class, as many student come for his quizzes and nothing else. If you have questions about topic can be very helpful in a one on one atmosphere.
He really is a great professor - truly cares about his students and makes an honest effort to explain all the concepts; his tests are easier than you think, and the take-homes are a god-send! Definitely take him for bus. stat!
I agree with the last comment, the people who don't like Perry are the ones who still think they are in highschool. He gives a lot of bonus and is very helpful. His tests arent bad at all and I've heard from other students that their profs didn't prepare them well for the final but i did fine. Oh, and he's absolutely hilarious!
Tests are kinda hard, but his grading curve is the best I've seen.
Great TEACHER!!
Helped my writing and grammar a lot. A good class.
He's an excellent teacher, but I feel he doesn't fully respect the amount of effort some students invest in his classes.
I love Marsnik. He is such a fun guy and has great "real world" knowledge. He loves competition which makes class interesting. Take him for sure... at least for intro to MGMT.
The only class I never slept through this past semester! Don't expect him to go out of his way to help you, but he's generally a nice guy. The Marsnik Cup is a nice touch that makes for some lively competition.
Vivian is a wonderful professor. Her tests are really easy as long as you study the key terms she posts online. She also requires a 1 page paper that uses only the textbooks as sources. Highly recommended.
A great teacher. She clearly explains things well, and how things are suppose to be done.
Harrie is a professor that challenges if you have learned the material or not. As long as you do the reading before hand, and i mean all of it, you will have no problem passing the quizzes and tests. She gives study guides that are key to the tests. Effort counts, so do NOT expect to skip class and not do the reading. You really work for your grade
She is pretty demanding. The historical analysis was fairly interesting. Her tests involve a lot of writing, and she's not the easiest grader. Definitely one of those "type A" personalities, class was well organized.
An alright class. Class discussions are fun. Everything was done all on blackboard besides exams. He is though a very very slow grader lol.
Mike Oberlin is a great professor. This is another easy class to be able to take on top of others that you have. Assignments require you to think a lot, but they are not very hard. This professor gives great feedback and responds to email quickly.
Professor Pratt graded hard, but she really wanted you to earn it. I respect that.
He walks like a duck, but such a good teacher. =)
Adolino is not an easy teacher, but she is helpful, knowledgable, and wants to see her students succeed.
Very Independent Class, lots of reading, but she gives good base to learn....
Professor Grammy was a good professor. The class was asynchronous. He gives about 4 hours of work per week, but it was enough for me to understand the materials. He posts lecture videos, and while he talks slow, I played them on 1.5 speed and it was good. The midterm and final are not difficult as long as you study the PowerPoints and homework.
One of the few PPA teachers worth her salt. A rare gem in a crap department.
Newberry is a good teacher but, he has the grades based off of 2 tests, 2 quizzes and 1 hardly graded essay. I am a decent student and I found it difficult to pull an A in his class. I dont believe he curves so if you are willing to work really hard then take this course.
He's a really nice guy and tries to keep you as informed as possible. Pretty laid back guy. I defintely recommed this professor.
