if you want an F take this teacher!
Cold COLD woman. She's not impossible, but she's to be avoided at all costs!
If you want to flunk, take his class. He assumes you can learn on your own, write your own code without his lecture or explanation. Not to mention he is a good knowledgeable professor but he can't teach. He has to transform his knowledge to the students which he doesn't do. Borrow code from already taken friends to get an A. Coming from a B+ stude
Knows a lot about programing, but is one of the worst teachers i've had! does not put a lot of time in helping students; really lazy, and bad handwriting on the board. Makes a lot of mistakes in the class, but if you make the smallest mistake on HW or test, you lose a lot of points!
taking his class is a waste of time. i could learn windows programming on my own. his final is stupid, he doesn't even other looking at the code you write.
Don't take him for any math classes unless you are a math genius. His midterms and final were ridiculously harder than the homework, and he never went over the concepts behind the exam problems before the exams. He doesn't even curve the exams even if they are below the class average. The majority failed in his classes. Avoid him at all costs!
Absolutely and unequivocally the worst teacher I have ever had in my entire life. You will learn very little to nothing from him and what he expects on assignments and tests is unclear. His communication skills, both written and verbal, are almost nonexistent. The class was a very long and stressful way to learn a little SQL from a textbook.
He really likes to talk about himself. He lectures about the same thing for a few weeks, which you don't learn anything new in the class. He does not have a set schedule, grading policy, or midterm schedule, so expect to take random quizes and midterms. Not recommended. He knows his stuff, but doesn't know how to lecture.
The main reason to avoid this teacher, other than all the true things mentioned by other people, is that you don't have a clear understanding of how to be successful in this class. He changes his requirements on the fly and denies that he specified requirements in earlier classes. It is hard to succeed if you don't know what you need to do.
This is the first class that I didn't understand what he taught in class. I think he is too old to be a teacher.
This guy knows absolutely _nothing_ about what he is teaching. He doesn't understand English. His assignments are gibberish. He can't grade. He doesn't have time for students. Beware of his presentation of Two-Phase locking--most of it is just WRONG!
if u want to learn anyting!don't take his class!If u want get good grades and learn by urself, he's the one!
Lash is very knowledgeable about the Bible and theology, but he is very close minded. Do not disagree with him because you'll regret it. He isn't terrible if you go into it really wanting learn, but other than that he's very boring. DO NOT get too many absences because you WILL fail. It has happened to my friends. Just suck it up and go.
This class was definitely not a good class to take. I also had Time Management with this professor. He is very bias in his opinion. f you miss even a single period or word, you're wrong. On opinion-based questions, if your opinion isn't his it's wrong. If you write your experience, chances are you could be wrong somehow. I do not suggest him.
He is self centered and is the worst. Point Blank.
She sucks. If you ask her a question in class she'll yell at you for taking up class time, b/c she has to get through HER lecture.
Id rather slowly rip off my fingernails than take this class again. To do What&#
Boring class, and she is a total space cadet to do that
He is the worst professor I've had so far at the university. Says he'll give partial credit but never does. There were two exams and the final. The average for the first exams was in the mid 50s and the average for the second was a 46. After failing the class, he'll tell you it was a simple exam. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!! Wish I could give a 0 rating.
She is crazy! She is not teaching at all. She is just wasting students time in class and try to arrange extra classes. If you really wanna learn AI avoid her. Try to take from others.Thus I have seen worst TA in my college life.
Do not take a class with this man. His tests are awful, your entire grade is basically 2 tests. He expects you to make miraculous conclusions from lectures that seem to be almost no help in forming arguments. The books don't help either and often left me more confused.
Do not take this professor online b/c the material is very outdated. His opinions have obviously changed since the several year old recording and he implies that it might change based on comments in the videos. He uses different naming of key elements in his slides vs what is in the class books. So you have to decide which you are going to follo
If you get Bellamy, GET OUT NOW!!! Seriously switch to a different professor! Just took my 2nd exam in his class and it was worse than the first one, which I got a 55% on. He should be teaching grad students, not freshmen and sophomores. Too late to drop or audit the course. I will probably end up losing my scholarship over this course.
he is actually terrible. he doesn't make sense in lectures and is extremely unclear on what is to be expected. GET OUT WHILE YOU STILL CAN.
Horrible teacher. If you have prior calculus experience you'll be okay, but for an introductory teacher, he's awful, you basically have to know the entire course before taking it to pass.
This professor did not teach the material. You do not want to teach yourself finite mathematics if you don't have to. Avoid this professor if possible... also horrible grading scale.
Quite possibly the worst teacher that you could ever have.
Love this class!! 10/10
Dr. Schmieg is a nice lady, but she is really boring. She sounds very monotone and everything she teaches is directly from the textbook. She also has a really good curve which helped boost my grade. If you want to do well, read the textbook and try your best in lab (there's a lab final at the end of the semester).
She really knows her stuff but she is not clear at all. If you do attend class, bring your computer to take notes and just listen to what she says. She bounces around slides a lot but atleast she uses pictures. She has a huge curve cause she doesn't want us to fail. Make sure you get all the easy points you can! She's nice but unorganized.
If you took AP Bio, you have a good chance. If you didn't, at least she has a really good curve. Going to lectures is not needed. Just study from the book, use the online site for practice. If you fail, don't worry, everyone does.
She is the worst... I am a premed student and she has no idea of how to teach. Her lectures are very boring and unorganized. avoid her as much as possible.
ATTENTION ALL BIO/HEALTH RELATED MAJORS! DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS OR ANY OTHER CLASS W/THIS LADY, SHE'S NICE BUT SHE'S BORING AND JUMPS AROUND IN LECTURE! HER TESTS ARE EXTREMELY HARD-I DOUBT SOME OF THE MATERIAL ON THESE TESTS WAS EVEN DISCUSSED IN CLASS! DOESN'T MAKE AN EFFORT TO GET TO KNOW STUDENTS EITHER-ESP THOSE IN HER BIO LIFE CLUSTERS-AVOID!
Do not take this class online. Extremely lecture heavy and the way he lays out his modules is confusing. Videos are also reused from like 2015. You have no contact with him at all during the semester, his TA is the one who hosts review sessions. Review sessions are also not helpful. May be better in person but online its very hard for a 101.
DONT TAKE LINK. HES HORRIBLE. Very heavy grader and doesn't care about you at all. He should just retire soon. Problem sets are very hard and the tests are harder.
This professor/class had no redeeming qualities. He is rude and not helpful at ALL through e-mail. He assigns seats so you feel cramped. His lectures are boring and incomprehensible. I wouldn't have had such a problem with it though if he had helped me all the times I'd asked for help. He is rude an the textbook is expensive and can't be sold back.
no textbook....so confussing....you have to go to class to understand the material
Full of himself;not helpful;very confusing. two words: don't take!!
Awful at teaching, doesn't explain anything. Starts every answer off with "obviously..." and doesn't explain why it's so obvious. Thinks way too much of himself. If you can teach yourself from a textbook take it, otherwise don't. Don't expect a change in grades either.
This teacher is horrible. He is very closed minded and at times, unwilling to help. The tests are a nightmare...be prepared for essays and too many mult choice. Nobody finishes on time because the tests are so long and tricky. Don't memorize previous tests...he loves to trick people.
Multiple-guess exam format--just 2 a semester (easy in that respect if you can manage to avoid drifting as much as Stalker). He is the worse teacher I have had at UD, although he has written on many interesting and related topics and knows a lot of the people we studied.
A smart man who has no idea how to teach. Lectures are all over the place, tests are far too detailed for what he teaches. I didn't learn a thing from being in his class.
If you like professors who can't complete a thought and end sentences randomly with words like "Pow!" and "And there it is!", take this course. If you're sane, avoid this professor AT ALL COSTS.
This teacher is possibly the worst, weirdest, and bizarre man I have ever met! I stopped going to the class b/c this 100 level course is ridiculously impossible! Horrible teacher, avoid this class at all costs.
Grades on class participation but argues any point you bring up making you not want to participate.Very combative. He is ALWAYS right.Comments on paper are not helpful.Not a good communicator of expectations on assignments. If you can get through all of that, there are moments when he says something profound.
I did not think Professor Clark cares about students at all. I think he approaches teaching like a chore.
She will read directly from the book with no added clarity. Difficult exams. Will not give you enough time to take exams. Have a question? Read the rubric, she won't help you. If you do not do projects exactly the way she wants them done, she will torch your grade. Unimaginative, uninspiring, just plain "un." Worst instructor I've ever had.
Thinks we want to hear about hern snobby daughter, plays favorites, only gives A's to those that playcate and are brown nosers, unwilling to help or meet students in the middle, worst teacher I have ever had
Do not ask her to help, she doesn't even know what she wants.
worst teacher ever
she is the worst teacher i have ever had! i cant stand to listen to her talk. she has that tone in her voice that says hey im smarter and better than you. shes the most annoying person to listen to and even more annoying to watch her talk..she is very rude and mean and a deceiving lady. she comes off nice the first week, then the demon inside comes
Not a good teacher, she is very cold-hearted and shouldn't be teaching
Worst math prof I've ever had. I have never gotten below an A- in any math class and I wasn't passing her class. She flat out says many students and other profs don't like her because she purposely makes her tests extremely harder than the other class work. I got a whole 5-step problem wrong for not putting a "y" on one of the parts. STAY AWAY.
absolutely terrible prof. i dropped this gen ed class because he was so bad. he had no idea what he was teaching or anything about the program we were learning so advanced students in the class were actually teaching. you can't pay attention during lectures because all you can hear is your brain melting out of your ears. do not take this prof.
Without a doubt the worst class I have taken at GV. She changes the syllabus several of times and is never sure of what to do. An absolutely ridiculous grader. More than several of the students did not pass the class. If you are scheduled to take her, GET OUT NOW.
Want to learn about communication theories? Don't take this class. I learned about other classes who talked about ACTUAL theories. Not here. He makes you read philosophical articles and then the talks about them the whole class period. Can be interesting, but should be in philosophy, not communication.
Would not recommend this professor to anyone. When asking a question she makes you feel stupid for asking it. She uses one format for notes and questions, but changes format for the exam at the last second. She's rude and feels superior to everyone. If you take this class prepare to fail it.
Zerman does not know the material or how to teach it. AVOID THIS TEACHER. She puts questions on quizzes and test that are wrong and is extremely stubborn. If you are a bio major I advise you take someone else.
I STRONGLY DISLIKE Professor Zeman. She makes a 100 level class feel like a 300 at least. Lots of relatively pointless assignments and readings. Online quizzes with answers found in the book. Expects perfection on her assignments and is a very picky grader. My strongest opposition is that she is very rude to her students. Do not take her classes.
If you want to feel like an idiot take Zeman. She is incredibly hard and likes to make student look stupid when they don't understand. If you make a mistake during lab you get zero points for the day and has very difficult quizzes. I will NEVER take her again!
This was pretty much the worst teacher i ever had. I have never felt more stupid in my entire life. I spent 3 hours on a lab report and got an E and she couldnt even explain why when i went to her office. I had no idea what was going on every week.
Very hard to understand. Is rude and is only teaching for the money!
Don't take this class, she will get you in the position to get a grade W, she has some set of protocols she wants all the answers as per her requirements. Not recommended.
Worst professor I've ever had in my life. She was condescending and rude in emails. Exams and quizzes were mostly fill in the blank and she wanted VERY specific answers. The questions on the exams were things she never taught and couldn't be found in the book. AVOID HER.
do NOT take this teacher under any circumstance. Had her for an online class (originally was in person but she switched it). The quizzes/exams DO NOT match her lecture notes. She expects you to only focus on her class and none others. She teaches you HER way or no way at all. She accused my whole class of cheating and submitted some to the board.
One of the worst professors I've ever had. Would not recommend taking her because she failed to accommodate student's needs, was degrading, judgmental, and unprofessional in her emails. Overall, she showed poor teaching skills and it was clear she lost her passion to teach and make learning engaging.
Patricia Matthews is the worst teacher to take for biomedical ethics. If you want an A, it basically is not happening. Additionally, you will not be learning anything from her. She monopolizes talking time and uses it to talk about her personal life story. Simply put, she is a caring teacher that grades WAY too hard for what she is teaching.
DON'T TAKE!! More than half of her current sections are failing and she claims she doesn't know why.. Because she is a terrible teacher. She doesn't explain problems enough or give us enough examples. Teaching myself through YouTube bio videos. DON'T let the 4.0 rating fool you .. Because it fooled me.
Do not take her for biomedical ethics. She does this ridiculous pseudonym thing that makes everything anonymous, and you cannot ask for help! Her class was so easy, but I had no clue what she wanted so I got solid B's. Frustrating...
Do not take Paszek for PSY364 unless you can stand to sit through super boring lectures. He lectures out of the book and writes maybe 5 words on the board all of class so you have to be listening to what he says. Also the exams are pretty hard and does not even cover what he lectures. Also can be pretty rude.
Not a big fan. lectures are boring and drawn out. He struggles at keeping a good pace, and his tests are hard with no reviews. The tests are about half-book half-lecture, and sometimes can even include stuff that isn't taught in class. He doesn't like technology in the classroom. I wouldn't take him again, 4 tests and 1 paper is your entire grade.
Did not enjoy him at all. The tests were very difficult and had a ton of information. You'll find it hard not to skip this class.
lecture is boring and the tests are hard
This prof. put the students down all the time. He does not respect student at all. He told us we are monkeys and need to take medication before we come to class.
I HATED this class and I HATED his teaching. I would recommened that you NOT take his class and sign up for a different prof. He was not very clear and was not very helpful. I did not like his methods of teachings and his tests are VERY hard. DONT TAKE HIS CLASS.
Hard to follow, doesn't keep in one topic. Half the time he doesn't know what he's talking about. Tells you you need to know everything for the exam and won't clarify.
Her voice can wake the dead, her teaching style is by far the worst i have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Oh yeah she obsessive compulsive about her pens, buy her one and you'll get an A. Lectures are read out of the book, she shouldn't be prof.
This class with John Hodge is so unbearable. I honestly thing this is the worst class I have taken in my time at Grand Valley. I don't think I learned anything at all except for random ideas that popped into his head.
Prof. Hodge is difficult to explain. If you are content with learning nothing about management, but would like a GPA boost, I recommend him. If you aren't one for sitting in class watching him recite his opinion on the textbook terms day after day after day, another professor might suit you better. I took this class for the near-free A.
Take this review to heart. He is horrible in the sense that he will not teach you about management at all. He gives you every answer for the test so I guess its fairly easy, however, he is a wack-job. Very tough grader on the paper. STAY AWAY FROM HIM AS A PROF. He only teaches what he believes and nothing about management at all. Again, STAY. AWAY
I don't know what to say really. He's confusing, disrespectful and a very bad teacher overall. If you do end up taking this class and you want a good grade make sure to participate in his lectures a ton. I mean, participate so much it gets annoying, the more he remembers you the better your grade.
This class was awful. The professor is not articulate or clear at all. He continuously goes on tangents during his lectures which makes it very hard to focus on the core material. While the professor is very nice, his teaching syle is ineffective. The class is primarily memorization and the book is not very helpful. I do not recommend this class.
I want my money back! I have taken Hodge twice and never learned a thing. Please, if you are a HR major do not take him! Luckily he liked me so I did absolutely nothing but talk in class and got an A...terrible way to teach! They need to get rid of him...he teaches according to 30 years ago.
This man is the most useless prof you will ever find at GV. He doesn't use any sort of lecture notes or structure, he rambles, he's very opinionated and full of himself. He is VERY unclear and he is just purely a d*** Our 1st exam:4 A's:8 B's:10 C's:12 D's:10 E's. "Can you hear me young lady?" "Tell me I'm wrong" "Seriously!" He needs to be FIRED!!
have you ever wanted to punch a prof in the face??? This guy is the most worthless space in the greater grand rapids area. If you show up and somehow get on his good side you can get a decent grade, but that is harder said than done! He is pretty much a ****, so take him if you want a hell of a class.
"Am I makin' sense class," "I teach concepts," "it's just my opinion," "hear me out class." ummm.... yeah, multiple that by about 83, and thats what you get for class EVERY FREAKING DAY!!! Horrible teacher!
He doesn't beleive anything the book teaches you, He teaches to you his opinion on matters. Class was boring, I can honestly say I didn't learn a thing in this class.
Worst prof ever! You know what I'm sayin'?! Terrible. Avoid him at ALL costs.
This guy is so incompetant
This guy is a terrible professor. He is trying to teach correct business ethics, and doesn't even perform them in the classroom. He interrupts you, and demoralizes you. And his freaking tests are so long that you need to rush to finsih in the time frame. Plus he makes up assignments as you go along that have nothing to do with the class.
The most horrible teacher/professor I have had ever... He does not teach. Has he even read the book? He explains things incorrectly, not tomention his **** comments and ****ed jokes. Unless this is the only class you are taking and have no other life, avoid him. Work load way too much considering you have to teach yourself...
Avoid if you can, a lot of work and very unclear with assignments
I don't like his teaching style. It is not clear at all and not organized.
DON'T TAKE HIM. In lecture, he just reads the slides word for word. His lectures are so hard to pay attention to because he makes it so boring. When you want to ask him a question he's very rude about it and makes you feel dumb. He expects all of his students to be geniuses. His tests are also very difficult & have mostly written parts.
Complains all the time about how much homework he has to grade-we complain because he gives us the homework that takes a lot of time. He is very unclear in lectures. Doesn't care about others. He made a student cry in his office. Good luck
I could not understand this teacher at all. When you ask him something he makes you feel dumb and can't even answer. The lab quizzes are unneccessary but there are a ton of them. don't take this prof..most are easier!!
DO NOT TAKE! he is an awful professor. you can hardly understand him through his accent. Oh and you better have good computer skills b/c he requires a comp program called spss. Tests are hard as hell. and hates it when u ask him questions, he expects you to know everything.
do not take Helen Klein, she does not know how to use even the simplest technology, and shes teaching a technology based course. her lectures are not clear at all, and her exams are extremely tough. take both MGT 480's instead of taking MGT 475.
Do not take MGT 268 with Klein. She is truly an awful professor. This class would be a blow off class with most teachers however due to Kleins ambiguous teaching style it is not. She is a teacher that hides behind her 30 year U of M diploma and says "see I am smart." If you are not aware MGT 268 is a computer based class, unfortunately computers fr
Avoid this prof like the black plague. She is cluess and has her favorites
This is by far the HARDEST class I have ever taken at Grand Valley. Professor Boelkins is willing to help you, however, he makes judgements within the first weeks of whether you are capable of doing well in the class - and does not change these judgements regardless of how hard you work. Nearly impossible to pass.
Don't take 210 with Matt--he is the worst teacher to have for it! He is very anal! It's hard to even get a C with him, no matter how hard you work! He may be hot, but his class is a not! You go to his office for help, he gives vague answers! Save u $!
Rude and full of himself. Quick to put you down if you don't know the answer or understand something right away. Try to avoid taking him...
If you want to spend your time looking at Catholic interpretations of Shakespeare, this class is for you. If you are slightly progressive, I would advise you to look somewhere else. Constant half-funny / off-putting remarks. Besides from that, there is rarely open-minded discussion, but rather Lockerd talking about his favorite lines.
You'll get along with him if you want another father...
The worst college experience of my life. Pages upon pages of homework each night - prepare to live and breathe Spanish. Don't take this class unless you don't mind being called stupid and drilled on your Spanish knowledge in front of everyone. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! And DOES look like Clint Eastwood (which is a shame because I like his movies).
Worst prof. I've EVER had. I've seen him make students stand up & mock them in front of the entire class. I do think he cares... because he grades the homework he assigns which is A TON! However, I cannot learn from his teaching style (won't let you take notes). I wouldn't take this class again if GV paid ME... that's how bad it was
He doesn't help you track your grade like other profs do. LOTS AND LOTS OF HW! If you take this class with him be prepared to live, eat, and breathe Spanish! I would def NOT take him again. He's also very rude and arrogant.
Do not take this professor! I did and I regret it 100%.I don't believe that I was able to learn as much as I should have because of him.He never lets you take notes, he makes fun of everyone and wastes half of the class period making everyone feel stupid.I would have learned so much more with another teacher.This may sound harsh but don't take him!
DO NOT take him, he is so rude and unhelpful, he doesn't actually teach the class, just wants all your high school spanish knowledge to instantly come back to you. He gets some sick pleasure out of putting other people down, embarassing students, and degrading his class- calling the class retard spanish. He annoningly talks in third person often.
Take this class if you know spanish very well..he expects you to know everything already that is in the book. Doesn't actually teach you anything in class, it is all busy work.DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!you will do better off teaching yourself spanish bc that is what you do.
WORST SPA teacher I have ever had. Is very strict on attendance and gives you worksheets every night, but won't give them to you if you miss a day you just miss the whole assignment even if it is used for later days. Not willing to help out of class.
The WORST teacher you'll ever take. He degrades students and if you didn't learn much from your high school teacher, then don't take him. Try your hardest to get a diff. teacher.
I thought she was a ditz. She is kinda loosy goosy about everything, so everyone thinks she's funny. But I didn't learn much from the class. She doesn't have much experience actually writing. Just ask her!!
Your writing is never good enough for her. You have to constantly revise everything you write. She is annoying. Liberal.
This is the worst English class I've ever taken. She is smart, I'll give her that, but that's where the compliments end. She doesn't put things on the syllabus but will add them in when no one notices. Interrupts students and doesn't listen to comments.
Do not take this professor if you need structure and clarity. Obviously very unclear in her manner of teaching as her students often had to rely upon one anothers knowledge of reading material because she didn't want to take the time with her students.
in my opinion the worst teacher in the school
Avoid him if you can. Don't interrupt his lunchtime. He won't talk to you!!
Professor Lange did not answer one of emails the entire semester, and I think I sent over 8. You will not know your overall grade in the class the entire semester, and things were put in my grade book as zeros that weren't correct. If you want any guidance or know how you are doing throughout the semester, don't take him.
Wow, between his Bachelor's degree and his MBA from University Phoenix Online!!! what qualifies this guy to teach classes? I lost track of the number of times he argued with a student in my class about facts and every single time my fellow student was 100% correct and Lange 100% wrong.
Ive been in this class for a few weeks and this is probably the worst class Ive ever been in. Shes awful at lecturing and talks so fast. She tells us to ask questions and then gets very rude when we ask to clarify something she says which happens all the time because she talks ridiculously fast. DO NOT TAKE HER. exams are nothing like the notes
She's absolutely sucks. I am generally a good student who gets all As but she made it nearly impossible. I swear I only did decent on some exams out of pure luck. 10/10 do not take her.
Terrible professor. She has no idea what she is talking about the entire time. Do not ask her a question because she will immediately take offense and be condescending to you.
WORST PROFESSOR AT GVSU. DO NOT TAKE. I have a 4.0 across the board and am barely pulling a C - in her class. Hoping participation saves my grade. Exams are impossible. Studied for days and still struggled immensely. She's nice as a person but terrible when it comes to teaching. And this BASIC nutrition... makes no sense.
You have to read the book if you want to do well on the exams. If she didn't take attendance, I wouldn't have gone to any of her classes b/c they are pointless. Tests are WAY more comprehensive than her notes. The book is a must. Oh, and she is a little nutty too.
I will never take a class with her again. I did well in the class but she isn't helpful at all and her exams have nothing to do with material covered in class.
Psycho is all I can say. She is rude and yells at students when asked to explain something. She is an aweful teacher and expects you to learn everything on your own. Grades totally on her emotions...no one knows how she grades!
If you ask her questions her answers are very vague. Her grading criteria is also very unclear, especially in lab. She is a very nice person but not a very good professor. Don't buy the textbook; you'll never use it. If you forget to do online WebAssign homework your grade is gonna hurt. Her tests are ridiculously hard. Get a tutor from day 1.
She is a terrible teacher. Not very helpful if you see her for help and makes you feel dumb like she's looking down on you. She doesn't teach very well and waste too much class time instead of teaching. She doesn't teach to her tests and you see problems on them that you never saw in class.
She doesn't explain things very well and when you go ask her questions she makes you feel stupid!! I don't recomend her and i would avoid having her!!
He can seem to be a nice guy at times, but for the most part is really rather rude. He is not very good at explaining things, and gets angry when you ask him a question. Avoid his class if you can.
Avoid him at all costs. Don't let his "nice-guy" attitude suck you in. He's actually the devil himself on the inside. If you get him, you'll see what I mean when 4th or 5th week rolls around. Material is dry as dirt, and he is about as helpful as a snail.
Do yourself a favor and do not get her. If you ask her a question, she'll ask you if you read the textbook, and if you did she'll say just read it again. Not helpfull at all!
Very boring. Uninteractive class. I did not learn from him
This was the worst class I have ever taken. And I am a nursing major. I took this for an art credit, and I would not recommend this class to anyone who isn't already a music expert. The course title is very misleading. The tests are completely open response, and there are far too many questions to answer in a short time. Turn back now.
The "Not my tempo" scene from Whiplash, is a good example of what it feels like to be in his class. He is very intimidating and does not give helpful feedback. He may be a musical "genius," but should definitely not be teaching an entry level music class. Ended up being my hardest class all semester. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
Worst Prof every. All he talks about is himself and wanting to live in Cuba. He is very one sided and boring. Did i mention boring. RUN AWAY AS FAST AS YOU CAN!
Worst professor ever! All he does is talk about himself and never covers anything we are actually supposed to know. The tests are the hardest. Avoid this class at all costs.
I absolutely HATED this class with a passion. He reads off the powerpoints and you cannot understand him anyway. The tests are all multiple choice but nothing that you studied for is on the exam. I complained about him to the chairman of economics and he told me that even he agrees that he isn't the greatest. DO NOT TAKE!!
Possibly the worst professor ever. he doesnt teach the class just reads powerpoint slides and if you do ask a question he avoids answering the questions. the slides dont have anything to do with the tests which are hard as hell.
Be prepared for lateness, no clarity on any assignment, and constant stories about her son. This was the worst class I have ever had at GVSU. she's too old and repetitive. We also spent 4 hours on the syllabus alone! That alone should tell you something..
I don't know why she is a teacher! I took Eng 307 in hopes of learning something about teaching writing, instead we learned about her life and anything else that DID NOT relate to writing. Don't take her, her classes are a waste of time & money!
She is the worst teacher ever, I would suggest dropping this class ASAP. Unless you want to hear meaningless information about the same thing day after day... "clozes" anyone...
This professor is by far the worst professor I've had in my academic career. The example problems and lectures given have nothing to do with what he puts on the actual exams. He grades differently for everybody and will mark you wrong even if you have the right answer but not his way. Avoid this professor to the best of your ability plz.
Do not take this professor, avoid him like the plague. He grades insanely tough and even if you get a problem right you could still get it wrong b/c you didn't do it exactly how he wanted it. He offers little/no help over the course and spends a lot of the class not teaching MTH 302 he spends that time teaching stuff that have already been taken.
DO NOT TAKE CLASS. This prof doesnt know how to teach and its so hard to understand him. He will teach a level one question and then ask a level 10 question on the exam. Wont answer questions in class. Ive always gotten As in math classes and this one seemed impossible.
i am a "A" student, especially in math, i almost didn't pass his class, the final exam wasn't at all what we covered in class. i never studied so much for math. i felt that he was pleased to see me fail at my best subject. Dont take his class. He is brilliant when it comes to math, but doesnt know how to teach he is unpredictable and unorganized
I had to drop of out this class. He never gave any examples, never gave us extra material to help us understand concepts. He didn't explain things very well. If you didn't go to any of his lectures, you'd have to watch the recording, but it didn't help at all. He grades a portfolio on a program he didn't show us how to use. Take someone else.
He is the worst calc teacher ever. He makes everything way more confuzing that in actualy is.
THE WORST PROFESSOR EVER! RUN AWAY, FAST!!
Makes you feel like an idiot, expects you to memorize everything he says
she talks too much. compared to my friends profs, I think I would have done better to take this class with someone else. she's kind of a nag.
I took Prof. Hunt hoping that she would be incredible based on her reviews here. I was so so wrong. She is unable to teach through the online format. She ignores emails, teaches the class on a "read the book" basis, and posts quizzes and exams whenever she feels like it, with little to no notice and short time frames. Do not take her online.
DO NOT TAKE HIM FOR CAPSTONE. THE AVERAGE STUDENT SPENDS 14-15 HOURS A WEEK ON HIS CLASS MATERIAL. OBNOXIOUSLY DIFFICULT. PARTICIPATION AND WRITE UPS ARE GRADED HARSHLY. WAYYYYY TOO MANY READINGS! This class made me want to drop out.
This is the hardest course I have taken thus far. He does not lecture well because he thinks everyone should know everything already. Do not approach him outside of class, it will not go well.
Worst class I have ever taken, his stories are cheesy and boring and he likes to brag...Other than that the bright side is that the lectures have nothing to do with the test material and you just signed up for the biggest waste of time on campus. =)
Worst class I have ever taken.He is arrogant, self-righteous, condescending, and offensive-needs to make the world feel stupid so he can feel smart. Lectures are pointless. If you must take the class, buy the testbank, where almost all test Q's come from
the class isn't awful, but the tests are. if you're taking the class, BUY THE TEST BANK. the questions in it are asked verbatim on the exams. they're impossible without it, even if you go to every class and read every assigned page of the book.
Read the book, and take every test, even when he tells you don't have to
Professor Jinn was by far the worst professor I've had in my 4 years as a student. He regularly told us that we should know things, and rather than slowing down and trying to catch us up, he would berate us and then continue, effectively confusing us and preventing progress. He was not even close to accommodating. I would NOT recommend at all.
This was THE hardest class of my GVSU career. he's not very willing to help and tells you to get out of his class if you don't understand b/c it's so easy. yeah right!
Gets mad when you ask questions. Hard to understand. Pretty funny though.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! History of Sport in Society, should be easy right? Wrong. there is so much reading its not even worth opening the book. His discussions are terrible because no one reads because there is too much to read. the notes he puts up on the board are useless. Assigned a paper that everyone did bad on and its our fault? get out fast.
I have had him for 280 and now 320 and he is simply the worst teacher at this University. My advisor told me that i should avoid him at all costs. Thats saying something
Do not take a class with Deb Simon. The lectures were VERY note heavy, which is no problem. But, nothing was ever explained. She will also throw a few things on the test that were never in the notes or reviewed in class. Attendance is mandatory.
This class is horrible to take, wish I would've taken it at a community college. If you have to take BIO120, take it with another professor! The lectures are horrible and she doesn't explain anything ever. When I tried contacting her about my grades she told me to go read the syllabus instead of just helping me.
Dr. Simon is a horrible grader. If your graph titles are above the graph instead of below it you will get an 83%. Takes off points for things she didn't even ask for. I absolutely love biology but she has ruined my BIO 121 lab experience. One of her fellow profs warned me about her, no joke, he said don't take her if you can help it!!! BAD PROF!
Her lectures are dry and boring and her lack of enthusiasm makes it very difficult to pay attention. She expects you to know when homework is posted even though she doesn't tell you in class and chooses not to notify on Bb. She is very rude if you ask for help and doesn't seem to care about student success or about what she's teaching.
First of all, get out while you can. She is a horrible teacher and doesn't explain anything in depth. The notes you have to write are ridicules and she talks so fast it's extremely hard to keep up. Tests don't match up with the material taught in class either. Bless your soul if you can get through it, but if you don't feel like stressing, switch.
The homework for this class isn't too awful but the tests are murder. The tests have way too many options for answers and arn't anything like the notes that she makes you take all hour, everyday. Try your best not to take this class.
this prof alone ruined my gpa, avoid at all costs, not kidding the worst class i've ever taken...got a C and im a straight A student. her expectations are ridiculous
HORRIBLE TEACHER. Avoid at all costs. Quizzes aren't too bad, but exams are ridiculous. Expects way too much of people.
worst teacher ever. not helpful.
BOO! IF you take this class u may want to pawn a gun. FIRE HER!
gets pleasure out of the suffering of her students!! Avoid her at all costs
Terrible professor. Favors certain students. Did not prepare me at all.
Worst class I've had in four years of College. If your papers don't support her opinions she will fail you. Stay away at all costs.
I am so sick of his stupid movies. I have had him for two classes and we watched the same movies in both. Easy grader, but DO NOT TAKE NIGHT CLASSES WITH HIM, you will fall asleep guaranteed. Nice guy, bad teacher.
I would not recommend him at any cost. Do WHATEVER you can to get out of his class. The exams were extremely detail oriented and the lectures were hard to follow. He's a nice guy but he is ineffectual when teaching. You have to take your own notes completely and the tests are all written. Crams material quickly and never revisits it.
Professor Carlson is very smart, but he jumps around in lectures which makes it very hard to understand what he is talking about. He does not use prepared notes, so you are expected to take notes based on what you understand about the topics. I would not recommend him if you struggle with science classes.
He doesn't put in any grades on Blackboard, so you never know what your grade is.
Very nice professor but his lectures are pointless because he doesn't explain how to do the things on his exams. He doesn't hand out notes, doesn't use PowerPoints, and doesn't give helpful study guides. He only explains things once and when you ask to clarify he teaches you something completely new.
Not a fan of him at all. Lecture informative but unclear. Test are hard. Overall he is just boring and the class is horrible
terrible teacher. doesnt know the first thing about teaching. tests are too hard. everyone is failing the class, and he doesnt care. stay away from this class at all costs!
Its impossible to stay awake in the class, and his humor is stupid
If you get him change, dosen't know how to teach
He's the worst teacher ever! And does he ever change his clothes!
I HAD HIM AND GOT RID OF HIM. HE'S A HOORIBLE TEACHER
Literally the worst professor Ive had in my life. Extremely vague grading system where even if you do everything asked you STILL get bad grades for not doing it precisely as she wanted, barely any assignments so that if you do bad on a single one it brings your grade down a lot, and completely inflexible. No extensions allowed. Avoid at all costs.
As an honors student I'm used to a high GPA and generally understanding/being able to handle what classes I take. Should've read the reviews. She is an awful teacher. Doesn't go over readings, doesn't prepare you AT ALL for her exams so you'll never know what you're going to get. Ridiculous expectations. Do not take her class, your GPA will suffer.
She is very difficult and tests extensively on topics covered in reading only. Hardest 100 level course I have ever taken. Not an easy elective if that is what you are looking for.
Her personality gets in the way sometimes and it makes thing confusing when trying to understand material. If you are a straight-foward student, try to avoid her at all cost. Also,make sure you pay close attention to all the readings in the book.
There is no point in his class and he is very boring. Feedback is not helpful. AVOID THIS TEACHER.
This class has ruined me. Half of your grade is based on a negotiating game pitting you against another student. He doesn't use a book. All of his lecture material is made up. My gpa was higher than a 3.5 going into this class. I had never gotten worse than a B in my collegiate career before this class. I am hoping for a C in this class.
dropped my grade from a A to a C+ the last day of class due to her extremely harsh grading on my final paper. I asked multiple times to write a different topic and she would not allow it. Grade ended up suffering becuase i was forced to write about a topic that i was not familiar with. Do not take this professor. For reference, I have a 3.8 GPA.
She wont help at all you are on your own in this class If you are .1 away from passing the class, good luck because you wont. She does not care about you passing her class. Extra credit, yes if you BUY EXTRA CREDIT GOOD LUCK
If you question anything she does or says she will put a target on your head. She is a control freak, unclear on what she wants out of an assignment, and constantly threatens that if you don't do what she wants you will get a Zero. She is nicknamed Dr. Zero. She allows 0 collaboration amongst peers. She is heartless, rude and unprofessional.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. I did NOT enjoy this professor. In my US History class, while he talked about historical events, he only offered his opinion and ranted on the subject. The test he created was half "guess the obscure quote by the obscure person" and mostly marginal facts. The only redeeming factor of his class was his TA, matt hetrick.
Incredibly ineffective professor. DO NOT take if you are interested in actually learning python. You will create 0 original code. Professor just stands at the front of the room displaying code HE created while giving 0 explanation of what/why. I have not learned a single thing about coding from Larry, ZYBooks will be your only source of knowledge.
Truly among the worst that Grand Valley has to offer. Do NOT take him for any classes, but certainly not a foundational course like 162. If you get stuck with him, be ready to rely on the textbook and external resources because he rambles, gets confused, and legitimately does not understand how to use a computer. Awful, awful professor.
He's an easy A but that's all you'll get out of this class. You probably wont learn much if anything even though he loves to ask at the end of every class if you've "learned something today". I would avoid him at all costs.
Nice guy, easy A, but you wont learn anything. Waste of time and money.
I got an A, but I hate him! His lectures are horrible. He wanders off in what he is talking about. You watch a lot of movies, but never the entire thing. The only way to get a good grade is the extra credit. He is extremely slow and getting things back. It's a theatre appreciation class- I came in liking theatre, now I hate it. TAKE SOMEONE ELSE!!
If you take an intro PHIL class... take the one with Dr. Jordan instead. This class was horrible and the exams are not worded clearly and are biased toward this professors opinions. This was one of the worst classes I have ever taken, and there are much better options for intro PHIL classes at UD.
disregard any comment on here that praises Katherin Rogers. She is absolutely ridiculous and the most unhelpful professor I've ever had. she treats a 100 level course way harder than it should be. She's quirky and annoying and if I could drop this class and fire her I would. Also very unorganized and lectures dont make sense. SAVE YOUR MONEY!
I took this online, and I wish I didn't. It's all conceptual questions on the exam. I studied so much and even read the book and when i asked her for help she told me to read the book again.... deff don't take this for a breadth requirement!
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASSES! SHE TAKES OF OVER 10 POINTS FOR THINGS THAT ARENT MISTAKES! IF YOU WRITE "MIND" ON A TEST INSTEAD OF "INTELLECT", SHLL TAKE OF 12+ POINTS, EVEN THOUGH ITS THE SAME THING! SHES A HUGE **** AND GRADES BASED ON WHETHER OR NOT SHE LIKES YOU! SHE HAS TEACHERS PETS THAT SHE GIVES 100%S EVEN IF THEY DIDNT EARN IT! SHES A ****!
I was not impressed by Professor Smith. Our psych. department has plenty of other teachers that are sooooo much better. If you can take someone else do it!!
DO NOT TAKE HER! Her teaching partner is fabulous but she is TERRIBLE! I loved English/Literature before taking her class but now will avoid them at all costs. I took AP/Honors in HS but her class had nothing to do with analysis...her exams are ridiculous, she takes forever to grade papers, and she is confusing as hell...RUN WHILE YOU CAN!
Avis Hewitt is by far the WORST professor I've ever had - and I'm a senior. Her directions are never clear, when you go for help she just confuses you more, she grades according to her opinions, her tests are inexcusably difficult and paper grading can take more than 3 weeks! It's completely unacceptable, avoid her at all costs. Waste of time & $.
Do not take this class with her. She gives a quiz at the start of every class period regardless of material learned in the last class and exams are TOUGH. Like no review sheet, no even clues to what will be on your test. It's rough and you really have to do the homework she assigns/just leaves on blackboard and doesn't ever talk about. Good luck...
A drag to go to class everyday. So boring. The prof knows his stuff, but his class is just harder than it needs to be. Hard to follow, doesn't give any visuals and doesn't care about his students.
Terrible.He is by far the worst professor I have had in my three years here.He does not know how to teach in a clear and effective manor. The exam was nearly impossible and nothing like the problems he goes over from the book. Almost everyone did terrible on the exam and he basically said it was our fault and we were dumb.I will be withdrawing.
He made this class so hard because of his specific essays. I fell asleep everyday he was so boring. He doesn't have slides posted online... Lab was a breeze. I don't recommend. He needs to retire.
You don't have to go to lecutures because he goes on and on about useless topics that don't appear on the quizzes or tests. His quizzes are timed to 10 minutes for 14 questions which leaves no time to double check. The lab sessions you have to take are easy but really pointless unless you have a lab requirement. DON'T TAKE HIM IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE.
Needs to retire, not a good instructor, lectures have nothing to do with the test, I took this class before and got a B without effort and wanted to get an A to increase my GPA, I'll be lucky to get a B+, he makes an easy introductory class hard the labs are useless because the TA's grade you like your in a graduate school,do not take him!
Whatever you do, avoid this professor like the plague. This class was an absolute waste of my time and one of the most stressful college courses I have ever taken. He grades without clear reasoning as to why he is giving you that score and absolutely refuses to give 100s or even 99s even if he doesn't have anything you can improve on. Please avoid
worst math teacher ever. leave class early and get the finger. very harsh grader, takes points off for having an equal sign! DO NOT TAKE UNLESS YOU WANT A BUMP DOWN IN UR GPA
Not a good instructor. She is so unorganized, unclear, confusing, unhelpful, and totally uncaring/calous unless you kiss her you know what. Do not recomind her at all, not even in a social setting.
DO NOT take Biology with Garrison. Expects you to know things not mentioned in textbook, tests are ridiculously tough, and extremely anal. Has multiple choice on tests, but its actually multiple-multiple choice. If you're hoping to get an A in this course, do not even bother taking it with her. You need more than a great memory to pass.
Would not recommend, unclear, doesn't teach well, rambles on for entire class period, very boring. He is kind of rude when asked a question. I left class each day very annoyed feeling like it was a waste of time.
I would STRONGLY advise you to not take this professor if at all possible. You get used to his accent after a while so that's not really the problem. The problem is that he doesn't teach, he just talks about his past and trys to be inspirational and fails. You will leave class annoyed and frustrated everyday. Just don't take him. It's torture.
I thought the content was interesting, however he is a terrible professor. He is narcissistic and goes off on long rants about his life instead of talking about the lecture. He doesn't provide notes and shuts off projector. I left class in extremely annoyed everyday. The tests are really hard even after attending class and reading the book.
If you enjoy teaching yourself, and not having any class discussion, then this is the course for you. The exams had nothing to do with what was discussed in class. Everything is very scattered and confusing. I do not recommend him. He is also very opinionated and enjoys talking about himself and only himself. He really believes he knows all.
Honestly the worst teacher Ive ever had. Just terrible. Unorganized classes, cant understand him, then he gets upset when you ask him to repeat himself. Test questions come from no where. He is just an idiot and a disgrace to the field of teaching.
This prof was one of the worst I've ever had. He played favorites and talked with such a thick accent you wouldn't have guessed he's been in the country for longer than a minute. He also speaks really quietly so you'll have to sit close to hear him. Very boring class lectures.
Not the easiest prof. Never say what you believe in class unless it completly agrees with what he says. He is gay, so if you are conservative he will try and embarass you.
This was a stupid class. He doesn't teach it very well and you are absent more than once and he will take 10 points away from your grade each time.
One of the worst teachers I've ever had. He outright refused to explain things a second time, even when nobody in the class understood. Reading the book did not help very often. He would belittle us for not understanding what he was talking about, even if he hadn't explained it yet. Three tests and maybe five assignments make your entire grade.
He doesn't explain assignments or expectations. Everything I learned was from reading the book & teaching myself. Worthless professor.DO NOT TAKE HIM!
Wu does not seem to lesson plan. Syllabus changes weekly and he doesn;t remeber changes he makes. Grading on papers is arbitrary and his expectations are not clear. He is a nice guy but a poor teacher
Avoid her if at all possible. She is unorganized, unclear and downright boring. Grades poorly if you don't agree with her opinion. Class time is spent by her reading to you. She should be teaching elementary school instead of college. She is a horrible professor. Not worth my time or money.
She wants everone to take on her wrong opinion. She is rude.
Had for computer vision. HORRIBLE class and professor. The best I can describe the whole experience was chaos. If you ask a question, he lingers mid sentence and moves on. Instructions are not clear for anything. Homework is easy at least, however projects feel totally impossible. I would not want my worst enemy to take this class or professor.
nice person, but horrible professor!! He is not very nice with grading stuff. when giving comments, they are confusing or bad like saying " this is not right" when it came right out of the textbook. he doesn't care about how hard you work. If anything I would avoid this prof at all costs.
If I had the option to retake this class, I wouldn't pick him again. The course content itself is extremely unclear and he doesn't seem to know what he wants. Changed the syllabus halfway through the semester and grades very heavily without giving you an explanation of what you did wrong. He's a nice guy, but he's not a great teacher by any means.
Lectures didn't make any sense, whenever I asked for help he would be condescending, and when I had a group they excluded me and I emailed him about it and he did not care. He is the worst professor and I wish I held off on taking this class instead of experiencing this.
Took this class because I took a media and sociology class, so I thought this class would be interesting, too. To my surprise, this class turned into a political science class. NO PSYCHOLOGY ANYWHERE. I was hanging by a thread the entire class. If you love politics, this class is a go. If you love psychology, stay away!
Most psych majors at GV will tell you this guy is the worst professor. He doesnt even really teach, nor does he respond to emails. If you are extremely motivated and seek him out during office hours you may pass. The average test grade in my class was 64%. Yes, there is something wrong with this teacher. His wife is a true professor.
Most psych majors at GV will tell you this guy is the worst professor. He doesnt even really teach, nor does he respond to emails. If you are extremely motivated and seek him out during office hours you may pass. The average test grade in my class was 64%. Yes, there is something wrong with this teacher. His wife is a true professor.
Most psych majors at GV will tell you this guy is the worst professor. He doesnt even really teach, nor does he respond to emails. If you are extremely motivated and seek him out during office hours you may pass. The average test grade in my class was 64%. Yes, there is something wrong with this teacher. His wife is a true professor though.
Devil Man. If u aren't a PSY major, dont take this class. he's super hard and expects u 2 spend way 2 much time on a theme class. grades SUPER hard and tests will make your brain bleed. nice guy, but lecture is very unclear and hard to follow. only take if you are a PSY major. thank god for the project
Hopefully he'll retire, or something. Worst prof so far. If you're in his class, either get out of it, or find a good seat for napping.
If you have to take this class be sure to sit in the back row. You will need the wall to support your head. However, he will never know if you are sleeping because he stares up into the corner the entire lecture.
You have a grade of 89.8 and he would round up down to a 89 for the final grade. He doesn't give your test back. His online test doesn't allow back tracking. Staff he teach, not so hard. The way he run his class? worst I ever had. DO NOT chose him!
THAT professor that you can send an email and tell him you are drowning and need to clarify a homework answer and he does not respond for days and when he does he says "refer to homework package" I am doing the homework package I am not getting the same answer as you please help. Trust me it will not come. He is the worst teacher I have had at DBU
This class is absolutely ridiculous. To summarize this class: "Teach yourself law, because I won't go over it in class, and hope you do well on my absurdly difficult tests." He puts stuff on the tests that he says he WONT put on it, and stuff we never go over. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!
I took Budgeting for Managers and wanted to learn so much about this subject. All I came out with was a bunch of lousy jokes and a ton of frustration. I would not recommend this professor. He is a nice guy but that does not make a person a teacher. He must have money and that is why they keep him around.
He is a very nice man, but a TERRIBLE teacher. He is scatterbrained, doesn't use the textbook, creates his own problems to go over during class, constantly makes mistakes while we work through problems and take notes. Very, very frustrating to be in his class. I would recommend taking another prof.
Worst teacher ever. Cannot teach his own stuff and explain it to students. Disregards textbook and insists his way is better. If you have not taken stats before, you will struggle. Doesn't teach from book bu puts book questions on tests and expects us to know it.
He is one of the worst profs I have had for a Math class. He does not explain things well and can not stay on subject long enough to teach for the life of him. His tests are easy but to even get a B/C in the class you need an 87% , kind of insane. I would avoid him like the plague.
The most boring teacher I've had at UNO. His tests he makes to be hard, but don't study, it's a waste of time and you can still get an A or B....honestly, I didn't study or read and I got a B in the class. He's really boring...don't take the 3 hour class w/ him you might pass out, but he's easy.
I would not recommend taking her. She keeps you at least 10 minutes past the end of class every time. She is not clear with what she wants and excepts you to be free at any time. She can be very rude. Take someone else.
WORST professor Ive taken! Never responds back to the email! And doesnt update the grades. Its a waste of money to take this class. I assure you there are better professors than him!
Do not take this class! Covers material in class then gives you a study guide with 90% new/different material making most of the question impossible to answer. A huge waste of time, any GE is better than this. Prof. is not very helpful and he takes simple ideas and turns them into hard/useless concepts. Awful, awful class.
AVOID!!! this guy makes his finals impossible. He gave 10 questions and didnt give us the full 2 hours. He only gave us 1 hours. His homework is unclear. It seems he cares more about his classTA and thermoFluids website than teaching his students. TAKE CLASS WITH SOMEONE ELSE IF possible
Class sucks overall. He's not clear on material and when you try to approach him he shuns u off. The HW is all online and so are quizes. There is no partial credit whatso ever! I recommend u take this class with beyene. Avoid this prof at all costs.
If you want a professor who is understanding and caring then do not take professor Samraj. She expects her students to be linguistic majors when we are liberal studies majors. I am not one to normally post on here but I had a bad experience and do not want y'all to have one too. She does not know how to work canvas and waits to input your grades.
So far I agree with all the "sad-faced" comments and disagree with all the "happy faces". If you have a learning disability this class is hard...she needs an interpreter to understand anything she says. Makes you feel stupid and is har
This professor is a real pain to deal with. Very unhelpful. She makes her students feel stupid for asking questions, even A students!. Course content is difficult and she won't help you any. If you have to take this course, don't miss lecture since the
Very unclear and disorganized. She's a ver nice woman but she definitely plays favorites in the class. Those who do well right away she loves but if you struggle at all you get laughed at. No joke. If you are just looking to get your language credit out of the way, i would recommend trying to find a different prof.
I would definitely not recommend her. Class is extremely disorganized and she is the most unkind professor around. If you are slower at speaking the language, she snaps at you. However, if you are good, your her favorite. She deserves to be fired, brought back again and then fired again. It's very hard to understand her.
Gladys needs to move on. I think teaching is not her spot in this world. She never helps, doesn't really go by her syllabus, and if you are slow, she pushes it your face that you suck. If you aren't solid at speaking Spanish, avoid her at all costs; all she does is speak fast and be very unclear. She is nice, but she is not even an ok teacher..
Family Violence - CSB/SJU should be ashamed to have him as a teacher!!! While discussing violence against men he indicated that a woman who hits a man is just flirting and the harder she hit the more she must like him. His curriculum is dated to the 70's and did not accept updated data as the truth.
How does she have ANY positive ratings? I got an A in the class and never struggled but still would NOT recommend her. So rude and condescending, not helpful at all, does random business software in class but never gives instructions and you never get tested on it. Worst professor I've had. She doesn't care about us and I didn't learn a thing.
She may be the worst professor Ive ever taken. Your grade in the course has nothing to do with what she teaches. She expects you to know everything and I truly think she thinks she is a good teacher.
Not very smart, doesn't know what he is talking about, stupid stories, worthless
Worst professor ever! he talks about himself a lot and doesn't teach the subject, and he expect u to do well on the tests and they are extremely hard! I regret taking this class with him. wish someone warned me before and i could've passed this class with an other professor who actually teaches philosophy! ONLY TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU WANT TO FAIL!
He shouldn't be teaching anymore. He just sits in front of the class and reads his 30 year old notes aloud. He is critical and rude to anyone who isn't on his soccer team. His homework assignments on average take around 5 hours and are pointless regurgitated paraphrases. He doesn't care about his students or whether they learn anything.
This teacher is a real a hole. He isn't a good teacher. He should be fired, and put through counceling. This person is a heartless, not so caring individual. He should not be a teacher, because he is not a people person.
Would not recommend taking him unless you have a strong economics background. His powerpoints are about 50 slides each and a hot mess, so unorganized and hard to follow. He is unorganized during his lecture and goes on rants about nothing that will be on the test. Doesn't give any answers to the tophat questions and doesn't teach you how to do them
Professor Martin is a genuine, authentic guy. While I think he's very wise, he is a horrible teacher. His slides don't make sense, and when he lectures It can be very hard to follow. Additionally, his class is very unorganized overall and he often seems unprepared. Don't take his course.
I would not suggest taking this class with Lawrence Martin. His lectures are extremely boring and the slides that he goes over during the lecture have nothing to do with the exams.
Does not teach, and doesn't have a book. good luck. he doesn't post homework until a couple days before its due, and no final exam review. nice guy though
Professor Alveraz is a nice person if he likes you. He does not have a problem calling anybody out. Found out all of our grades for the semester the last day possible. You have to work very hard to get a good grade and spend a lot of time picking apart the books you read.
I missed class due to an illness and my attendance grade is brought down to an 80%... one class period. He is a tough grader. Everyone is required to speak during class discussions. Don't know what to say? Too bad. Alvarez embarrasses students in front of the class. I feel so bad for them I honestly don't think he realizes how inappropriate he is.
If you don't mind being demoralized on a daily basis, this is the teacher for you. Avoid her if you can. She will try to ruin your confidence and self worth.
not everyone who takes this class has a Bible background, but he assumes we do. he is a little boring, but loves what he does. very poor test reviews though,
HE is not as bad as people say. He is rude and not helpful that is true, but he is managable.Out of all the others I hear he actually has the highest averages.
Worst instructor of any kind I've ever had. Displayed a complete disregard for the well-being of students, and a complete inability to transfer any understanding of the subject he had to the rest of us.
I would recommend you to not take this professor. This professor has changed my preception on GVSU all together. She does not provide feedback unless you email her.
DO NOT TAKE HER! She grades so harshly. I took her for CJ 320 and I know I'm a really good writer but she makes me doubt myself. She has unrealistic restrictions for your writing and she's very unreasonable. Please, don't do this to yourself.
I have a medical disability and she was completely unwilling to work with me at all, ultimately failing me from the class. Nice. She is unconcerned with any of her students and is very unapproachable. She is extremely unpleasent.
Says he gives partial credits but he doesn't. Takes off too many points for small mistakes. Not a very good teacher and he doesn't really help when you go to his office hours. He drops the lowest quiz grade.
Parzynski is the WORST. His exams are ridiculous. When he teach in class you get all of the concepts and material, but then in the exam he puts things that we have never covered before. And when you ask him he says you should have known that. The only thing that I liked from his class were his group assignments and Webassign. DO NOT TAKE HIM
Pathetic example of what a University class should be like. We did nothing but watch movies in class, and our "homework" was to read five to ten pages from the text book a week. You'd think it'd make an easy A, but when he loses your papers and then gets snippy with you about it, it's a different story. I wouldn't recommend Gross to anyone!!!
Boring, worthless class. He doesn't teach anything. Go around the room and read latin. Going to class would be a waste of time if participation wasn't worth 1/3 of the grade.
Take this class with Clem. She makes you work more but she TEACHES. (unlike the mazz)
I didn't learn anything either.
Funny. Can't explain stuff. Don't read book.
If you want to learn how to read Chinese and not learn economics , then this is the right professor.
I actually agreed with most of the things he said, but he's so opinionated and condescending that I hated him and the class. He may be smart, but he's a horrible teacher.
really did not enjoy this class. i feel like if you aren't interested in the subject like i wasn't, you will have a difficult time.
HORRIBLE CLASS! He's a good guy, but is horrible at teaching Micro. We had 2 guest lecturers this year...and you could clearly see that they knew how to teach this stuff. I ended up with a freaking D!! a D!!! Oh and almost 1/2 of the class recieved the same grade or failed. Now i have to take it in the summer, thanks for nothing Rubin.
This guy is a joke. He teaches nothing for the first 4 weeks of a section, then tries to catch you up right before the test. He is a funny guy, and pretty nice, but not a very good teacher. SO120 is pretty boring, I wouldn't recommend.
He is a very very tough grader, which sucks because his tests are also very very hard.
This class tested my physical and mental stability. He's not good at describing concepts, so if you can't teach yourself, don't take him at all. You will fail. He was on probation for failing too many students. Do the extra work outside class. Good luck. You'll need it.
Don't do this to yourself. If you have even the slightest difficulty understanding chemistry, this will be absolute hell for you and you will struggle.
Prof Grabowski is really tough and his lectures are very confusing. I would not recommend him to anyone. Tests are written at a graduate school level. Overall, very challenging course.
Grabowski is by far one of the most difficult teachers I have ever had in my entire life. Not only is he generally unclear as a lecturer, but he makes his tests with the sole intention of having his students fail. His tests do not really test knowledge and mastery of chemistry, but whether or not you can pick up on useless info. Avoid Grabowski
I learned very little from him and his lectures. I passed this class due to outside resources and great TAs. My TA spent the recitation trying to teach us the material before we were quizzed on it. His tests are nothing like the practice exams, and it was very hard to do well on them, even though I have always been good at chem. Do not take him.
I had great interest in chemistry before I took this class, I am hoping Chem 2 will re-ignite it. We blew through 175 or more slides a week,no work done on chalkboards, hardest tests I've ever taken. No questions during tests, Good luck even finishing in alotted time! Managed to squeeze by with a C due to high lab and recitation scores. DO NOT TAKE
J Grab Them is definitely attractive but he is not fun to learn from. He is dismissive to questions asked and he skims over very important details. The book doesn't even compare to the level he expects you to know. He might be some eye candy during class, but he is a total heartbreaker later.
If you want to work really hard for a C and do poorly in your other classes then take this class. Exams are very difficult. The final was laughable it was so hard. When i asked the TA for help he didnt even know, he had to go ask grabowski for help. just dont take it.
Nice guy but terrible teacher. He is physically incapable of breaking any problem down. He also expects you to memorize a lot and everything ever discussed. If you ask a question, expect to be verbally harassed with an answer that only confuses you more. Unless organic chemistry is your burning passion find a new teacher.
Definitely avoid this class. His tests are very hard and the test questions are very very detailed. I have not missed a class and I am fighting to pass because the material is so boring and he does not do a good job at all to make it interesting. ALL HE DOES IS READ POWERPOINTS, and does NOT elaborate on them at all.
Professor Hahn is a great reader, which is what he mostly does in class. He does sprinkle some history in the class, but it is not interesting. He's a very harsh grader, but if you truly study and come to class, the test are easy.
Dr. Hahn is the absolute hardest teacher I have ever encountered. I looked at my cell phone and smiled when class had just began and got a lecture about "tax payers" paying for my education which was being wasted. Nonetheless I left the class in tears. I stayed in the class and took a final that was irrelevant to the class. He is rude and mean.
Terrible. I don't know what these other people are talking about but I withdrew from this course. He embarrasses people, doesn't do anything but read to us and HATES when people ask questions. He thinks he is the end all be all and it is a gift to be in his class. Don't take him unless you want to be belittled in front of everyone and learn ZIP.
DO NOT TAKE this class unless it is required for your major. Hahn is very unclear in his lectures, and I felt uncomfortable asking him any questions, because i didn't even know what he was talking about! Make sure you read the material, and understand it on your own, because his notes MAKE NO SENSE!I took AP in high school, but failed the midterm.
His lecture is very bad. His tests are extremly hard....If you don't want to ruin your gpa or suffer from his classes, please stay away from him!!
He is rude, and does not care about your grade. Do not expect to get an A. He will knit pick anything he can to give you anything less than an A on your assignments & make sure if you do take one of his classes to double check his requirements before submitting because he will take off points for things he did not even ask for. He is horrible
I knew this teacher was going to be horrible after the first day of class. She is very disrespectful to students and does not value students opinions over the subject. I remember watching her yell at a student in class, and the student felt so humiliated she left. If you want a caring, understanding professor, do yourself a favor and dont take her
If you like taking a class where you follow instructions and points are taken off, this one is for you! She is always late usually once a week, a slow grader, and is not quick to respond (or doesn't at all) when asking for help via e-mail. Do NOT take her class unless you love being frustrated.
she is a giant **** . dont gets 100s on test because she then calls u a cheater
Rodgers was the worst teacher I ever had. The first of class, he seemed awesome. After that, he made me loss interest in the class. He would back really hard stuff down very simply, then when the test came, the word problems were a lot harder than what we went over in class. And if you ask a question, he will never give you a direct, short answer.
easy class, but she throws out a lot of assignments
Never met a professor more full of him/herself and no better as an advisor. Avoid at all costs.
Very tough grader and does not give you notes visual so if you are not an auditory learner do not take. He goes really fast through the lectures. You have a midterm and a final which are both 2 parts that must be handwritten essays for both parts.
does not enjoy teaching. and it shows. she doesn't like students and it shows.. possibly the worst teacher i've had in the my academic career. just a miserable person as far as i can tell
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS.HORRIBLE, UNFAIR TEACHER! CAN'T LECTURE. TALKS TOO FAST. GIVES WAAY TOO MUCH INFORMATION TO WRITE DOWN. TESTS ARE NOT FAIR. SEEMS LIKE SHE REALLY HAS NO SOCIAL SKILLS AND DOESNT SEEM TO LIKE STUDENTS!
What can I say. He is an arrogant professor who names drop like no other. He is stuck in his ways and has not developed with the field. Dr. Doerflwe has his favorites and this graduate program is suffering. They called a meeting due to having low admissions and they wonder why. He is disrespectful to say the least. Beware of him and this program
He is very arrogant and condescending. He is not clear in his lectures and often go on tangents... He has low tolerance of other points of view and puts students down...
Umm, do not take him! As someone who nerds out over different cultures, I was looking forward to Anthro but was SO disappointed. TAs run the class (he rarely comes)we mainly watch old videos form the 30's, read bland books, & are lectured about old white mennothing interesting really. He is just cashing in on his seniority & needs to retire soon.
Don't take this class with him. No powerpoints and just stands in the front of the room and is all over the place with his lectures. Never went to class because even if I did I would just fall asleep. Readings are very dry and hard to read.
DO NOT TAKE THIS BS CLASS. Professor doesn't show up much and when he does, he just talks AT you. Movies don't help unless you write down EVERY little detail. Everything is up to the TA, suck up to the TA and maybe you'll get a shot at passing the class.
I would say don't take this class, but sometimes there is no other option. Avoid this class at all costs. This prof cancelled class 1/2 the time, but expected you to teach yourself for tests and quizzes. I get the sense that they are not comfortable in the front of the classroom, and it reflects in their teaching style. Take House.
Hands down the worst professor I have had and will have, guaranteed. 75 percent of my grade could be blamed on her. She is very unorganized and half of my class dropped within 2 weeks, which was the smart thing to do. She always makes mistakes when grading tests or when lecturing. Avoid at all costs!
She makes the most careless mistakes and is very unorganized with notes. I recommend to avoid her at all costs. She is a nice lady but her teaching methods are very unhelpful. Expect to be teaching yourself a lot of things.
SHE IS AWEFUL! AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Take Math 140 with Professor House if you can! She will complicate everything, pick apart your tests EVEN IF YOU HAVE THE RIGHT ANSWER she will find a way to take off credit. I am pretty sure she is certifiably insane. She is hard to pay attention to learn from
I was not of fan of McKenna. If you struggle with math I suggest you not take this class. She makes math 100 times harder than it should be. Easy problems suddenly become terribly difficult. I ended up dropping because the highest grade I could receive was a D. Even though I did all may work and was getting fairly high marks on tests I failed the m
The stuff we covered was more like a 300 or 400 level class. Much of the class had a lot of trouble with this class.
One of the worst professors that I've had. He is all over the place. He rambles on about stuff that isn't going to be covered on the test and rushes through the stuff that is. He slides are repetitive and confusing. He skips through most of them anyways.
This man is incompetent. He is knowledgable but he can't transmit his knoweledge. He talks too fast, he repeats himself, he doesnt give you time to write the notes. Avoid if you can.
This professor is odd. She is such a sweet little old lady but when it comes to your papers she grades super hard. I put in a lot of work and got B's on everything. She doesn't focus on the writing but the grammatical errors. She has obvious favorites and if you don't talk she hates you for it. Definitely does not grade fairly.
I have a little background info about him. First and formost, if you dont have any interest in this class or no prior knowledge of Geology, DO NOt TAKE THIS CLASS! Be prepared for a tough class with boring lectures and even harder tests! He isnt an apporchable guy! No hmmk or extra credit. Pass or Fail! READ ALL OF THE PAST COMMENTS ABOUT HIM!!
This guy needs to retire. He knows his math well but can't teach it. Doesn't know how to use a graphic calculator.
I took MTH 160 and 161 at the same time and did much better in 161. What does that tell you? This guy is HORRIBLE. He doesn't teach! Stay away!
this guy is the worst human being on the face of this planet. he is an awful teacher and needs to retire. his class for lack of a better term, SUCKS, and he is not helpful at all. I must email him at least once a day because of all the errors he makes to the compass page, and he never makes a point to help you.
do not take his online class, it is very hard, and he has no professionalism. does not address you by your name, or even offer to help you, instead he redirects you somewhere else. worst online class experience ever, and its intro to film. bad teacher
Terrible teacher, extremely rude to his students, dont take this class it will just be a headache!
The worst teacher ever. He's no good, if u can avoid him please do.
his tests are over material not covered in lecture, and he is weird
nice guy, but horrible teacher, so boring, don't bother going to class
Seriously stay away. Whether it would be using a different method to find an answer or spelling errors, she always found a way to screw you. I tried so hard by going to review sessions and her office hours but she wouldn't be any help. She is such a sweet lady but she is a horrible math teacher. In fact, it was the worst class I have ever had.
Professor Gulick was just terrible. I did not like the class at all, and the TAs were not very helpful either. Overall, just avoid her at all costs.
She is not helpful and does not explain things well. She expects you to know everything without her even teaching you.
AVOID THIS PROFESSOR AT ALLLLLLLL COSTS! SHE IS NOT HELPFUL, CLEAR, OR NICE. she makes studnet's feel stupid for asking questions during lectures and zooms through her lectures while trying to cram 3 sections in one. i have taken this class before (a couple years ago) and am more lost than the first time i took it. DO NOT TAKE HER!!
Extremely picky in terms of grading. Doing a simply error can lose full points for a problem, which is really major when there are only 5-7 problems on a test. I once lost points because she thought my x was written a little to big. Ridiculous professor. Do not take.
Professor Gulick was the worst instructor that I have ever had for a class. She is completely unapproachable, mildly rude, and terrible at explaining important course concepts. I'm unable to come up with a worse way that I could have used my time and money. It was a very disappointing experience.
Her exams are not hard. She just grades extra hard. Miss a single part, NO CREDIT. If you want a hard time with a teacher with a failing class average (she DOES NOT CURVE), by all means take her class.
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS. This was one of the worst experiences of my life. The exams are just about impossible to finish in the time given, the web assign work never stops, Don't miss a disscussion(TWICE A WEEK for 1:15) because there will be work in every one of them. Also random quizes in lecture. C U Next Tuesday
stockman is the worst professor in the entire universe. his class is impossible. i am a senior and he failed me. i hate him with a passion. avoid him at all costs. no one has any idea what he is ever talking about. exams are IMPOSSIBLE. problem sets take hours and he only gives crappy grades back.
Phyllis Salmons has been teaching here at Riddle since the 1980's. She only has 4 test in the class. No HW, no quizzes. If you want a physics teacher you can understand, then take her. BUT. She comes off rude, cant hear, and her test can be very difficult. If you screw up on the first test, then it will be VERY hard to get you grade up.
Nice guy. However, if you take no other warning take this one. When he says that "if you are able to do the homework, you will do fine on the test." -- Just know that is a complete and utter lie. The tests are 50x harder than anything he gives for homework or does in class. If you have not had calc before I would recomend another prof.
She is the worst teacher I've ever had along with Dr. King. They are not clear on what they want or expect on tests. Half the stuff she teaches in class aren't on the tests. I somehow pulled a B but I had to spend atleast 20 hours a week reading the book. Never take this or take it at another school.
quizes are very hard, not a lot of help.
Worst professor I have ever had. Miss a class lose a point on your final average. Only have 15 minutes to do a 25 question quiz every week. Over half the class dropped after the drop date. One test class average was a 25.26 ( there were close to 200 students in that class)
Dr. King is by far the worst instructor I have ever encountered and I have a masters degree in education. Gives zero feedback when you ask for help, poor communication, and lacks organization. I can not believe he is allowed to still be teaching. Do NOT EVER take a class from him!
Dr King is hands down the worst professor I've ever had. His grading was unclear, his feedback unhelpful. Weekly quizzes online only open Friday-Sunday, and papers that didn't seem to have clear grading criteria. Every time I went to his office hours he was not there and took his time responding to emails.
I took this guys for a month and had to drop. Hands down my worst teacher I've ever had. The first day he said "the material is 20% learn through lecture, the other 80% of the material is in the textbook." Absolutely horrible, avoid him as much as possible.
One of the worst professors I've ever had in my college career. Tests are unreasonably difficult and expects the most out of an online course. When watching the online powerpoints, he barely even spoke and if he did it was too fast and not clear. I do not recommend taking a class with him ever.
He is awful. It is almost impossible to get above an 80 on any paper and his feedback is not helpful. He is also not helpful at all if you go to office hours. I suggest taking ANYONE else.
WORST PROFESSORHUMAN BEING I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED. I received a 37 on the midterm after studying for countless hours and making a 30 page review sheet. He is impossible and all this class will do is decrease your gpa. AVOID
He is the worst. He has a terrible attitude, tests are ridiculously unfair, you don't learn a damn thing in his class, and I don't know how he got a job as a professor. The class drained my GPA. All you straight A students, I strongly advise you to AVOID HIM!
Melvyn King is BY FAR the absolute worst professor I've ever encountered in my life. His 101 class is ridiculously hard, his lectures are useless, and he's an arrogant d-bag. It's absurd how difficult he succeeds in making a 100-level course. You'll basically have to teach yourself the material and his online quizzes are impossible!
Most worthless man to ever walk this planet. He is blinded by his own arrogance and unable to teach. If you want to waste your time then take this man. I was better of sitting in the corner staring at the wall then attending his class. Oh and he thinks he has a cool mustache but hes just a loser.
he is a terrible teacher. they should not allow people like him to be with kids. he does not know how to teach if his life depended on it. his test suck and so does his grading. never ever take him
You think you're going to get an A in the class and she gives all C's
Awful professor, grades unreasonably harshly. Lectures are extremely boring and with awful PowerPoints, taking notes is nearly impossible. Everything is open-ended, multiple choice isn't a thing with her. I took her class for a breadth course, and it was my lowest grade of the semester, I can not express this enough, do not take this professor.
Very lovely woman who knows her material and offers interesting lectures. But, do not let that lull you into thinking she is fair. Assigns work that is not graded until last day of class, if at all. Then grades with the harshest possible stroke. DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH HER unless you are prepared to suffer and FAIL. She will outsmart you.
Quite possibly the worst class I have ever taken in college. She grades on 4 seperate things throughout the whole year. No chance to get your grade up besides essays in which she critiques everything humanly possible.
Her class is only graded by 3 things. Awful grader even if you go to office hours. Avoid at all costs
Impossible grader. Only grades on tests which are essays. No other opportunity to improve your grade besides essays. Don't take her.
dropped the class after the first test. very hard to take notes because he goes back and forth between subjects and lectures the whole time without visuals. If you are looking for an easy A this isnt the class for you.
he just rambles for the entire period. not structured at all. the information is interesting if you want it to be, but he is just all over the place and repeats himself. he wants word for word replication on tests, which are impossible. take him if you have to otherwise id suggest skipp weekly hell.
Completely impossible. Take another professor or wait a semester for another professor. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I am a chemistry major, I consider myself decent at math, receiving an A in calc 1 through 3, but this class, with him, is impossible. Avoid him. Don't go near him. Don't speak of him.
his class was my worst classroom experience ever. find a different professor if you have to take calculus!
he isn't a good teacher at all. unless you know everything beforehand, don't take will's class. he teaches concepts, doesn't give examples or explain much then expects you to tackle advanced problems. don't think AP Calculus HS classes will help. His happy disposition does nothing but annoy.
I personally don't like her. she is too overbearing and controlling. I feel that her class is completely useless. most of the class is her personal opinion. but sadly this class is required for some stupid reason.
She needs to work on her people skills. She isn't a very good listener.
Horrible class. Do not take on the Internet. NOt worth the work. She lost all my work and gave me a C. I had to show her copies of my work that she had already graded and she didn't apologize. She makes things feel like high school. All it is is busy work
class was not difficult but Gomez is by far the worst tempered and mannered teacher i have ever had. avoid his class and do not waste your time because he will certainly waste yours with his smart remarks and refusal to answer your questions! RUDE and the exact opposite of what a teacher is supposed to be!
If you have a handle on mathematics you should be fine, but if you need help, he is not for you. He is jaded. Don't ask questions in class or he will humiliate you. don't go to his office for help because he acts like you are only bothering him. HCC needs to find a new professor. He could care less if you pass or fail.
Worst teacher I have ever taken I've never felt the need to rate any professor until now. He is extremely rude and not helpful he will male u feel so belittled if u dare ask him a question u can only miss 2 classes he called us jackasses and basically said we have to choose between our family or school that you can't do both extremely discouraging
I did not like her at all. She is so old and rambles about nothing. The class is already boring and she makes it so much worse. Granted she's a nice lady and likes to talk but doesn't get anything done. Grades pretty easy, but if you expect to learn anything DON'T TAKE HER!
Worst teacher yet, even more so than the one that tried to stab me. She grades rough drafts like a FINAL draft. says 3 words, pauses for 2 seconds, and does another 3. Goes so far off topic and wasted all 3 hours per class. We learn nothing, and get graded down for it. Absolutley do not take this class. You will do badly. BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD
He said he has a good sense of humor was the biggest joke in the class. He is always expecting an accurate answer in his open questions, you will never guess the right answer. A one and half hour lecture will waste your all-day energy. Don't drink water during the class, you will be asked to answer the next question.
Professor G is very partial and arrogant, you wont learn a thing from his classes and its a very negative experience. He is the type of professor you want to avoid taking classes from.
awful awful class... didn't learn anything and they expect us to be business tycoons... intro class or mid level accounting??? not sure... don't take this class worst experience of my life
TERRIBLE !!! The only word to describe my experience. Her projects are impossible, her presentations are boring and useless and the tests are on material that was never taught. She gave me a terrible discussion teacher who did nothing for us either. Kydd also prays to the EXELON GODS which make appearances every so often. Dont bother going to class
I get A's in all my economics classes except this one which I failed. If you have a photographic memory, you'll do good. If not, join the rest of us. Tests are impossible as he expects you to remember minute details and math formulas from algebra. Online tests are useless. Avoid this class if you care for your GPA.
Kartman has not interest in serving his students. He spits back everything he has learned in the terms he learned. He does not reword what he is saying. If you dont understand he takes it as a slap in the face and doesnt want to give explanations. Dont take him if you dont have to.
He is by far the WORST TEACHER EVER! He talks like the guy from the commercials "for dry sore eyes". He is NOT helpful and hates it when people ask questions. His tests are so hard, especially with the memorization of 200+ definitions, not to mention his IMPOSSIBLE ESSAYS! were not ECON PROFS KARTMAN!
very hard and not helpful, mean old guy, doesn't care if you do well at all
i didnt have a clue of what is going on in this class. i dont think he did either.
TAKE THIS CLASS AT A COMMUNITY COLLEGE. The professor is 83 years old. I'm not joking. He doesn't make any sense when he lectures. His grading criteria makes no sense. The midterm and final are long hard essays. There is a lot of homework but not for a grade, he calls them "enhancement credit" but doesn't explain what that means. Somehow I got a C.
VERY HARD, AVOID! But if you have to take him, read and follow along his lectures. read the cases and know how to solve them easily.
Awful teacher. Students are afraid to ask questions because he mocks them. He get distracted very easily and does not teach the material clearly. If you can avoid him, do so.
Harrington is one of the worst professors you could ever take. He's very knowledgable about the subject, but is unable to teach the material from a business perspective. In reality he doesn't teach at all, he just rambles the entire class. No homework is given in this class just the final and midterm, and weekly quizzes which aren't mandatory.
This guy is completely useless. Disregard all other comments if you take this class you are guaranteed to A. not enjoy the class or have a clue whats going on and B. probably get a bad grade in the class. Avoid at all costs! the fact this guy is actually allowed to teach still makes me sick.
HORRIBLE. I wish I would have read Harrington's ratings before taking his class. I speak for the majority when I say, " You will have absolutely no idea what is going on, if you take this class." - He is all over the place As every one has stated.."Extremely knowledgeable lawyer, yet expects you to be a Harvard Law Student."
This class was such a waste of time. If you can avoid taking Harrington..DO IT. Attendance isn't mandatory, but he does take it. He just rambles the whole class about the most random things. There is only 3 grades the whole semester, which also makes it kind of hard. The test are open book, but that doesn't help much.
Probably one of the most confusing teachers that i have ever had. Doesnt pay attention to student questions and gets upset if you dont understand EXACTLY what is going on when he doesnt explain anything. Alvari teaches the same class but has m/c tests which seems way easier. I definitely wouldnt take him again, he sucked.
I would not recommend taking him. I had straight A's until I took this class. I went to class everyday, paid attention, took notes, and I still ended up with a C. Going to his office hours helps, but you need to know the material if you want a decent grade. Even though his lectures are confusing, he does know a ton about law.
One of the most unorganized teachers i have ever had, a total of 115 points determine grade but since he's a hard grader u only need a 60 to get a C. I finished with a "B" but sweat the whole year because u don't know ur grade until the end. Horrible class, stay away if u can.
This class was so much harder than it needed to be. He grades very harshly for a 100 level course. He goes on rants in lectures. His online quizzes are on random, unimportant things in the book. He is very into theatre and if you are just taking this as a gen ed I would choose a different professor!
The test are the most diffacult test that I have ever taken. Boring lectures/very little student interaction/and it is true he likes to talk?(all the time). Don't get this professor if at all possible. Find someone else anyone you'll be better off.
worst teacher ever
doesnt teach well at all. always talks about hannabel. read and teach yourself.
He doesn't lecture very well and his movies are about orgies.
This teacher is the worst I've had since third grade, never EVER get him for a teacher.
He doesn't follow his own syllabus. Most of his class is keeping your head down trying to write notes while he yells at you for not answering his questions. He will specify something specific then when you ask him about it again, he says something different. He is very unreliable and does not wish his student to pass.
This class is extremely difficult. I wouldn't recommend taking this class, the tests are all essay questions. Also, will have quizzes every week on maps. My notes for his class were so disorganized because he jumps from one topic to another and then back to the first topic. Hardest class I have ever taken in my life.
HER TESTS DON'T GO OFF ANYTHING VALUABLE. They ask about specific examples and the only choices for the answers are nothing even mentioned in class. I don't know how she even got a degree. To top if off she treats everyone like they are middle/high schoolers. If you have no desire to learn anything and want to memorize usless info, take her.
Classes are awesome if you don't mind copying stuff down off the overhead all class every class. Easy to get on her bad side but the way the class is run that has no effect on your eventual grade. I would not recommend her to anyone.
Unprofessional. Do one thing he doesn't like and he will hold a grudge.
Possibly the worst teacher that I have had at this school. She rambles all the time and the class is boring with her. She is very opinionated and claims to only be playing "devil's advocate". It is funny however to see people correct her and lau
Awful, don't take her unless you have to. Drones on for hours with a whisper of a voice. No intonation either, does she even care about the subject? Clearly not. One of the worst professors I have had in terms of keeping up with grading and communication as well. Beware!
Do not try to challenge her, has to try to show her authority as a prof. ****
Horrible teacher when it actually comes down to teaching. Doesn't explain anything clearly and don't bother arguing with her, it's a waste of your time. She doesn't really know how to grade things appropriately, everything is unfair and unlogical. Good Luck.
Worst teacher ever!! I have never hated a teacher or class more! She is not helpful at all and all you want to do is pound your head against a wall during her class!! Save yourself and money and dont take this class!
worst teacher ever
I agree with the above comments. Very unclear about assignments--pissed me off. Treats her student like preschoolers. DON'T TAKE A CLASS WITH HER IN THE MORNING.
I am a conservative, so I thought I would be able to handle her- WRONG!!! I wanted to punch her. She lectured about nothing relevant, badgered the poor single mother in the class until she cried, and then went on about how perfect her family is. Then on test day, there was really hard stuff. Beware, she will do nothing to help you.
she took over for my teacher because she got sick and left. SHES HORRIBLE. do not take her classes. all of these statements everyone has made about her are true. shes all bleh bleh bleh i love george bush, abortions are wrong, bleh bleh bleh.
I don't know what these people are thinking that say he cares about students. He will just make fun of you and insult you and then talk about his 4.0 GPA. He's a total @$$ to everyone. I would say avoid at all costs but his class is required.
be prepared for him to make little to no sense. he's a nice guy, but u learn 0!
Very confusing, is not clear and teaches irrelevant stuff. If you ask for help, tell you to "ask the google", don't recommend but UAA doesn't care about how classes are being taught, lots of bad professors.
WORST PROF EVER!!! Never follows through with what she says she is going to do! Writes test to try to confuse you, rather than to test your knowledge! Hard to get ahold of and rather than helping, makes excuses! Considering talking to a dean about her!!
Nice guy and makes some funny jokes, but not a great professor. He is kind of hard to understand and not very organized. He does not give clear instructions on assignments. Class normally get out early and there is two big group porjects.
Nice man bad professor. He does have a very thick accent that is quite hard to understand at times. He is very unorganized and each slide of his PowerPoint contains multiple paragraphs that run off the slide, making note taking very difficult. In each lecture he repeats half of what he said in the previous lecture. Bottom line, don't take him.
Mishra was the worst professor I have ever had at my four years at Grand Valley. His lectures make absolutely no sense, and the whole class is on their computers, phones, or doing other homework because they are of no use. His assignments and course outline can not be understood, and he gets very defensive if you as him for questions or help.
Be prepared to teach yourself everything. Everything you go over in class he says you dont need to know for the test. He was a really bad prof. I would advise you not to take this class with him.
DON'T TAKE HIM! He's a nice guy, but incredibly unclear. You don't learn ANYTHING yet you have to attend class which was always deathly boring. If you must take him, DON'T sign up to be in group 1 (he tells the 1st group what he really wants from the group project -- stuff not mentioned in the syllabus). Hated this class because of him.
AVOID!!! I would rather have my period gushing from my eye sockets 5 times a day every day than sit through his horrid class again. I have no time for ignorant professors who spend their time yappin' about God knows what. I was taking MGT 466 next semester with a female prof...then they switched classes and he's teaching it...I drop that class!
i cannot stress this enough...AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!! he's AWFUL! boring, hard to understand. TONS of group work. exams are brutal. you think you know what's going on until the tests are handed out and you're like "uh...what is this?" in all seriousness, this guy is horrible and an AWFUL communicator. the only plus is you dont need to be in class.
If you want a reasonably easy A and your time is of no value to you, take this class. If you are actually interested in learning something about HR management then move along. There's no learning to be found here, only nearly incoherent babble about his left-wing political views and an occasional warning to "be careful" about this or that.
Avoid him! His lectures make no sense and NOTHING on the test is from them. Just read the book, don't attend class. Exams are crazy, and he adds 15-25% with the curve because otherwise everyone would fail. If you have a problem with your group, you're out of luck cuz he won't help at all.
Worst class I ever took at Bradley. He is all over the place with lecture, yet he teaches directly out of the book how hard should it be for him? Grading scale is easy, however tests have nothing to do with lectured or focused on material. If you enjoy astronomy don't kill it by taking him!
He may be an amazing teacher IN THE CLASSROOM. But as an online teacher? He needs a lot of work. He doesnt do anything to help his students, just gives the lectures and the notes and you dont hear from him until a week before the exam. I pay to be taught, and understand. Not teach myself these concepts. The worst teacher I have ever had.
Horrible teacher! I may have had him during a difficult semester but he was terrible! I never could get the help I needed, I asked questions in class and felt like I was pretty much ignored. He wasn't willing to help (even with just a quick question before or after class?!!!). and I'm usually an EXCELLENT student. Save your self- just don't.
Drop this class. Reschedule and get a different professor or fail.
Many of my classmates and I learned practically nothing from this class. He's a nice guy, but a terrible teacher. His exams are impossible to study for, and insanely hard. Every project he gives is found online. He didn't grade anything, so you don't know your grade until the semester is over and final grades are due. Overall, very stressful class.
I agree with the last rating she isnt very good at all. even though i got a A in the class it was work and had to go downtown to the festival over the summer. it wasnt fun. if u dont have to take this class DONT!
This teacher is the worst I have ever had! For a 3 credit course it is so much work. I hate how she tries to make you teach like her, not yourself. I also hate how she puts our class down all the time...telling us that we are not going to be good teacher!
Worst teacher ever. Controlls everything you do in the class. You learn how to teach just like her, not yourself.
Hardest professor I've ever had. I am taking 500 level biology with all A's. His tests are ridiculously difficult. He wants exactly what he said in class, not what the textbook says. Even if you are right, you wrong if it is not word for word. He's a great teacher though, I know Bio 101 better than any other subject because of him. Made a B+.
Worst Class I have ever taken. Studied for this class more than all my other classes combined and still couldn't pass. Save your sanity and take another class.
If you dont have a good background in bio already then DO NOT take Duggins. Also don't expect any multiple choice on tests or extra credit. I would say just be safe and avoid him all together if possible
Short answer/fill in the blank/essay exams. He doesn't explain things very well and there is no extra credit in the class other than a few extra credit questions on exams. Very monotone and puts everyone to sleep.
Nice guy. Notes are written by hand and so unorganized it is unreal. Knows everything thing there is to know about Bio. Tests are hard. Don't take him. You will probably have to retake Biology 101 again.
AWFUL teacher. He knows the info but tries to trick you. He does NOT wish you do your best. To do well, you must take a tape recorder, take notes, rewrite notes that day then do it again for the test. I LOVED biology but made a C on the 1st test and F on the 2nd. DO NOT take him! I learned more when we switched to the 2nd professor but no w/ him.
Never liked going to this class. Its pretty boring.
His physiology class was the most difficult class I have ever taken in my life. I recommend everyone to avoid it. I'm an honors student with a 3.8 GPA, I'm going to medical school, and I'm a hard worker. I got my first C in my life in this class. I went to class everyday and studied all the time. You WILL regret taking this course.
STAY AWAY!! Duggins is awful. This is the hardest class that I've taken. If you love your GPA avoid him. He rambles on for the entire hour and his tests are hard. For on test he stressed a topic for weeks and assured us that it would be the essay topic, when we got the test the topic was completely different. He doesn't care if you know it or not.
To be exremely honest, this class was a very difficult class.HE is a tought teacher. If you are going to take this class, I recommend that you take easy classes that particular semester so you can focus all of you attn on him. He grades really tough so come prepared and know everything on test days. Avoid this class if possible. His attitude stinks
DO NOT TAKE HIS COURSE. His test are intirely to hard and they are random questions from throughout the many chapters that are covered. He wants everything to be very detailed. He's not helpful and his lectures are boring and he covers things very quickly, so be prepared to write fast.
This prof is MIND-NUMBING! If you are at all an intellectual person- DO NOT TAKE! The material is completely worthless and I often question if anything she says is true. Avoid this class unless you absolutely have to take it. The tests and lectures do not sync up at all and she makes you learn some bizarre outline format you will never use again.
Worst teacher I've ever had. Very unclear, very unhelpful, focused more on promoting her personal grassroots organization than helping students and has a very monotonous voice on top of it all which made it difficult to stay alert in her classes.
OH MY GOD! I have never taken a class as difficult with a more infuriating professor in my life! I understand his want to have a "reversed class" meaning you do all your work outside of class and barely discuss worksheet answers in class. He does not make himself available. If you can, take MICRO somewhere else!
he is the worst professor ever. he basically talks about powerpoint and does not even make us understand things. we do exercises in class but that only occupied for small portion of test.
As a science major, this is the worst course I've taken. He is rude, the course is 1 paper and 3 exams. Nobody has ever gotten an A on a paper. I got a 75 and had 3 marks on the paper. 25 points off for 3 marks and only one of them pertained to the actual course. If you can get around him do it. The only plus is the online tests aren't bad.
Do not take his class. The only thing in the gradebook are 4 exams. Doesn't grade on percentage scale, based on number of points in the gradebook. Straight lecture class, if you do not attend you WILL NOT pass. Very hard grader too. Gives short essay questions a week in advance for you to prepare for exam but cannot take them to class with you.
This guy brings new meaning to the word boring. You can't teach a class in one tone, not write anything on the board, and expect your students to know what exactly to take notes on. His test are difficult despite the fact he gives you the essay question. All and all very poor teacher dont take!!!
Does have notes/power points/ANYTHING. Only lectures and tells stories unrelated to material making it impossible to pass the class. I attended every class, took great, detailed notes, and did all things necessary to pass just about any class and still managed to get a 54% on his first exam. The rest of the exams were not much better. DO NOT TAKE!!
You never discuss the readings in class, but that is what he tests on. All the busywork for CP's is annoying. There was no structure to his class, and he never really taught us anything. He is a smart man but doesn't pass on that knowledge to the class. NO GOOD!
Literally the worst class and worst professor I have ever taken at Calvin college. Seems alright at first until the complexity continues, nothing makes sense. He doesn't teach, manage time, or anything else well. He will talk about how he does yoga. We went over 11 chapters in the entire semester, and did the last two chapters on the last day.
Terribly inconsistent teacher who is very, very boring. If you want to do good on the exams you basicly have to lock yourself in a room with red bulls for a week and study. I studied for 11 hours for the final and got a C!
He is one of the worst lecturers here at UVA. He rambles on about nonsense and gives unreasonably hard tests just to trick us. Also, he allows inexperienced undergraduates to grade our hard tests and they are harsh. I would avoid this at all costs.
I dunno about this class...I consider myself pretty darn good at psychology but I got a C as a final grade. Tests are RIDICUOUSLY hard; there is a curve but it's ridiculous to have a 70% be equal to an A. Just make the tests easier!!! I found his book difficult to read, and there are no color pics!
DO NOT TAKE LESSONS OF THE LAWN UNLESS YOU HAVE TO FOR ARCHITECTURE. I missed nothing skipping his class and when I did go, he put me to sleep within 5 minutes. He is semi-comprehensible when speaking about buildings, but 3/4 of the time he tries to relate them to entirely unrelated things. A 3-8 pg paper a week. Teaches you to BS like a pro.
The ratings make him look bad. If you really want to explore the mind of an architect, take this class and get ready to write BS papers once a week. So glad i took it.
This class is useless. If you're not in the A-School or plan on transferring, don't torture yourself by taking ARCH 101 with Waldman. This class is terrible and I hope I don't ever have a class with this idiosyncratic man ever again.
SOOO much work. I didn't think it would ever end. There were many all-nighters I pulled to do the work in this class. I started the work when it was assigned and still had to work right up to the deadline. A LOT OF WORK!! MORE THAN I'VE EVER HAD BEFORE IN ANY CLASS
do not ever in a million years take hanft. it was the most horrible class i have ever taken in my life...and he is the rudest, meanest, ugliest man i've ever met. if there are no other professors...wait to take the class. TRUST me...he's aweful
This class is horrible. If you do get stuck with him, do traditional grading. You might think it's safer to do contract, but it's way too much work than it's worth. He gives very detailed test reviews, if you study them, you will pass the tests just fine.
Couldn't agree more with the last comment. The amount of typos in her notes makes it seem like she types while wearing mittens. If you miss elementary school, drawing on poster board with magic markers, and rote memorization, take this class. Also take if you don't really care about Anthropology and just want an easy A. This woman is a joke.
horrible teacher. definately does not care about students and usually miserable in class. STAY AWAY
HORRIBLE PROFESSOR DO NOT TAKE! I got a B in her class and hated it the entire semester. She just talks without any actual decent form of teaching. Tests are ridiculous and do not represent the information learned throughout the semester. Complete waste of time and to stubborn for her own good.
RUN AWAY WHILE YOU STILL CAN! I swear he's speaking in Chinese half of the time, and he really cannot teach. Avoid this class at all costs.
if you're a native speaker, take this class. If not, good luck. She loves humiliating students for their mispronunciation. All she does is project the textbook pages on the white board and tell us to do the activities. By far the worst instructor I have ever had at UD. Every day I prayed either her or me would be hit by a car on the way to class
DO NoT TAKe THIs MAn! Unless you are a hardcore linguistics major do not even attemp it. (Ling majors will love him though) Very boring teaching style and unless you can tell him what he wants to hear or ask him what he wants to answere you will find difficulty communicating with him, even in office hour. Good luck if you have not choice but him.
AVOID IF AT ALL POSSIBLE! He is simply the worst prof. I have ever had! He seems to hate evryone and everything around him. Enjoys demoralizing students and make them feel lowere than dirt. He should NOT be teaching! ( I got an A in his class BUT I would NEVER reccomend him to anyone!)
The class is hard already and he makes it even worse. He is extremely hard when grading and treats us like high school kids when collecting homework. Dont take him, it is a nightmare
Horrible profressor, not helpful at all. Any time I asked him a question he was mean and very unhelpful. H didn't even want to help. Does not seem to care about students at all.
Worst Professor. Really mean and completely unfair in grading. People would have the same exact answers, one person would get 6 points of the other 20 POINTS!!! Did he care.. no! Simply told you that you obviously didn't read the book and that he should take more points off. Terrible teacher who has a class that is a requirement. Ridiculous!
He''s a really nice guy and very understanding if you have a legitimate reason for missing class. He is a very tough grader though. Also the papers he assigns have nothing to do with his lectures which are basically hour-long tangents. I didn''t learn much from his class.
A terrible teacher. He knows his stuff but that is the only positive thing I can say about him. Avoid him at all costs!
Boring. He might know his stuff but he doesn't try to make it interesting. Stay away.
Hard Class with an even tougher teacher. Don't really have a choice with professors. So prepare yourself for a fun time. His final was the hardest test I have ever taken. Good luck!
He urinated in front of the whole class.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS! he is terrible. if you miss a class or come in late your put on the spot and pried @ about where you were and what you were doing. is this high school? if you forget your calculator he will tell you to go back to your room to get it. you cant understand him, his tests are hard, he makes a fool of you for not understanding:grr
He was barely in class. He is either a hypochondriac or has some crazy diseases that make him ill all the time. He's okay...but he did not come to class hardly at all and was a waste of my money.
Avoid at all costs if you can. He tries to be a nice guy but I have never met an adult that is so unorganized. He will get your grades back to you a year later. Tough quizes
- first few classes emphasizes on the historical background of finance. - need to write 2 long essays and several reflections - very late with handing back quizzes and essays. - lecture is very unorganized - lecture is hard to follow. lots of digression. - final is hard, midterm is substituted with several mini quizzes. DO NOT TAKE THIS
It is the worst class that I have taken since my freshman year at GWU. He is very unclear, often goes off on tangents and expects you to know the whole book. He often goes through 3 chapters in one class... It is somewhat inevitable that you will take the class with him unless GWU gets another professor -- but be prepared, it is not helpful at all.
He might be standing his man in research, but he is a big zero at teaching
While Professor DeYoung does know a ton about physics, he is truly awful teacher. His lectures and homework have almost nothing to do with the material covered on the test. He's incredibly pretentious and routinely makes students feel stupid in class. I wouldn't recommend taking his class; he makes it needlessly difficult.
The absolute worst professor I have ever had. Extremely boring, has a horrible accent that is hard to decipher. Gives three take home papers which are impossible to well on, even if you say exactly what he wants (even if you cheat and he doesnt catch you you'll be lucky to pass). Covers about 10% of the material on tests. 70%=A, most still fail
This is the teacher from Hell. He could care less about his students. He is an arrogant SOB. I have no idea why they keep him at ISU. They're crazy for doing so.
He is very rude to students and thinks he is the greatest instructor of the subject of Geology in the world. A pompus ***!
The most arrogant **** I have ever met. I have yet to speak with anyone, including his colleagues, who believes he is anything better than worthless. It's hard telling what kind of accent that is, but it is very annoying.
she is THE worst professor in my entire experience.. if she doesn't like you, watch out - she does NOT grade on your participation, she grades on whether or not she likes you, and when you try to have a meeting about it she ignores you at all costs and calls you a liar
She is the most annoying prof.
Impossible teacher, doesn't know how to teach. Wish I could have switched out before I started this hellish class.
In a nutshell, you need to start praying so that you don't lose your mind if you take his class. He is a nice human being, but teaching molecular biology is not his calling. His take home exam took me the whole spring break to finish. My grade in the class was A, but the experience was agony! Unnecessary agony. Good luck.
Very disapointed with Thorpe. No direction on papers. Made a habit of making you feel dumb. If you are one of his favorites, however (e.g. female with certain key fetures) he will grade much easear on you. I would try a different prof. if you have the option.
lectures are all over the place. Calls on you for questions that he doesn't specify what is wanted.
Geology 100-50 absolutely sucked. Dr. Cole didn't know how to teach any of the material; while he may know it, he didn't know how to communicate any of it. Worst class I've ever taken.
TERRIBLE! His class is extremely boring and impossible to get through. 2 hour lecture and then a 3 hour lab made each of my days absolutely terrible. I do not recommend taking this class. He tries hard but is just not a good professor. His wife is annoying, although much more helpful then him. I don't recommend taking this class with him.
STAY AWAY! He is very boring...tests are impossible! Lots of homework
this guy is probably the biggest **** ever. i would not recommend taking this class unless you are good at acting or have experience. He expects everyone to be good at acting even with no experience. He even made a girl in my class cry.
Should not be allowed to teach, terrible educator. She gives you no help, and hardly teaches, actually doesnt teach at all. AVOID AT ALL COST
I didn't learn anything. I hated this course, but got a good grade.
She is the WORST prof I have had while at GV. She doesn't care about her students AT ALL and is not helpful when you don't understand something. She quizzes you on information from the book before any of the topics are even discussed in class so she really doesn't teach you anything. Memos are all based off of her opinion, which is unfair. AVOID!
Unfortunately she is one of the only options for MGT 495. Just be warned that this class (Carol in particular) will suck out your soul. If you attend class and keep up with her insane amount of work, and don't mind getting roasted by your professor every class session, you'll be fine. If you have any health or learning issues though.. get support.
I took her for ANTH too. I can honestly say she is the worst teacher I have ever had. She says everyone either likes her or hates her... Well she thought I liked her and I got an A+; but the truth is a can't stand her. Always agree with her, act like you care no matter how long she talks about herself, even if it is all of class. VERY prejudice!!
This teacher is so boring, he is very unexperienced and makes you want to fall alsleep. He teaches straight from the book and can't relate to the class being taught
Worst Prof I ever had!
Shouldn't even be allowed to be a professor. Avoid taking him at all costs
Terrible teacher. He thinks everyone is dumb. Some random experiences in the class for me were... If you ask a question he says "it's on the cd". He made a girl cry while insulting her religion. Extra credit is really hard. Tests are tough but passable with the curve. Worst teacher I have ever hard. Doesn't explain the material well.
Avoid at all costs if your expecting another community college professor. He is hard to understand and his teaching style is very difficult to follow. The CD is dumb and has about a million different things on it. Only take him if your in a blowoff semester so you can spend all your time studying for his exams.
OMG this guy is a royal a** hole. Do not take him unless you like being talked to like a child. He has no respect for people and doesn't realize that his students are adults and don't deserve to be talked to like idiots. I will be reporting him to the dean of students becuase if I pay money to learn and not to be talked to like I'm an idiot.
Do not take his class unless you already have an understanding about economics. About 95% of our class got a B- or worse. He gives you plenty of opportuities to get extra credit, but good luck getting a good score. HIs exams are also very confusing.
oh my god what a nightmare this class is. don't even bother you won't learn a thing. and this woman is terrible.
Her tests are extremely hard and long and she doesn't know the material herself.
Please do not take this professor. She gave out horribly difficult exams and they were not like the homework at all. She would ask questions on the exams that we had not studied and was some random little fact that we would not have known. The quizzes were taken right after the lecture and it was hard to learn the material so fast and be quizzed.
One of the worst classes I've taken at GV. There is so much work to do, 80% of my week is spent watching her assigned videos outside of class. There are quizzes almost every single class and they are worded so confusingly. If you don't watch the hours and hours of videos before the class period you will not pass the quizzes. 0/5. Get another prof.
This was the worst class I have taken at GV so far. She is very meticulous and harsh when it comes to grading and everything is taught on your own time outside of class. There are quizzes every week and the questions are worded v confusingly. I would like to say I understand the material of the class, but with her grading style it is impossible.
I dropped this class so fast. She's the hardest grader and has pop quizzes every day. She doesn't care about students at all and lowkey bullies them. If you ask for help, she doesn't give it and just tells you to drop the class. Basically makes you learn all the material from videos. But on the up side sometimes her husband shows up with her dog.
Absolutely do not choose Professor Stephenson for your STA215 class. She is unorganized, she is not punctual, and she bombards her classes with loads of "optional" homework every week as well as quizzes every class. She relies on videos to help her students understand concepts. Prof Stephenson is a kind woman but DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS!
The only thing I can say is avoid her at all costs. She expects way to much for a gen. ed class.
One of the most difficult professors I've ever had and I'm a senior. She moves exponentially fast through material and seems annoyed when students ask questions. I had to get a tutor for this course and even he was blown away by how fast she was teaching the material. She doesn't seem to care if her students succeed. Our entire class struggled.
Shes a nice lady but this is the worst class I've had. The tests are HARD. If you miss one class you will be lost for the next two weeks. She goes so fast & if you ask her to demonstrate a homework problem she will most likely do about half of it very fast and then tell you that she will show you after class. The only positive is the extra credit.
He is soo boring.good luck staying awake. What a jerk. He is my advisor too and he is relly rude. He doesn't know the answers to any questions you ask him and is mean about it. I though the point of an advisor was to help you.
Don't take unless you absolutely need to. One of the worst prof's I've had. Just rambles for the whole class period, super unclear on his expectations, hard to understand what he says. Nice guy, but awful professor. Assigned a presentation on one of the three schools taught during the semester, the only instruction was "make it a party"
Horrible lectures. Doesn't make any sense.
please don't take his class, he doesn't make sense, test are hard, he's a hard grader, he isn't clear on what he wants from a paper, no power points, just lectures out of no where, talks about China a lot
AVOID! He barely speaks English and had a teacher assistant who taught better than him. When he writes notes on the board, if that what you want to call it, you can barely understand them. Papers and quizzes are difficult and rely solely on the book not from his teaching. Do not take his class.
Very hard to understand and follow, hard to stay awake in class, stay out if you
Clear ideas but all boring and horrible subject matter. Guy has bad speaking skills. Worst philosophy class I have taken to date and I love philosophy. Do not reccomend if you want to learn anything.
BORING CLASS. VERY HARD TO UNDERSTAND. TALKS ABOUT PROTEIN A LOT NOT ELD. HER FINAL IS OPEN NOTES. SHE DOES NOT TELL YOU THAT BEFORE, YOU HAVE TO ASK! TAKE SOMEONE ELSE IF YOU CAN IF YOU ACTUALLY WANT TO LEARN METHODS ON HOW TO TEACH LANG. LEANERS!
Weber was extremely intelligent. He knows a lot about geology and no doubt is qualified. But, he taught this introduction class like it was a level 400. Also, he is quite boring, so it's hard to pay attention. Overall, do not take this professor unless you really care about geology.
John deterioates your enjoyment for geology, with his worthless assignments. Don't get anything out of the class. He maybe brilliant but he can't relay that information to the class. According to John if you can't do physics or math you shouldn't be a geologist.
i hated my class with howard. he never stayed on track and i dont feel like we learned anything. it was a huge waste of my time and money. if you can take the class with someone else, i would recommend it.
Poor Dr. Folk is so old he could really go anyday. Hes about 82. He is one of the worst lecturers I have ever seen - hes just too old. I feel bad for the guy. He has no business teaching at this point in his life.
This man is undeniably very very smart. But he is beyond elderly and simply cannot do it anymore. He is only kidding himself by continuing to teach.
Doesn't make any sense, doesn't know what's going on
Absolutely one of the most time consuming classes and hardest professors I have had. The work load was so heavy and she graded the hard work we put in so harshly. Your best work got you maybe a 6/10. You have weekly discussions that are equivalent to 5 page papers weekly. If you could take this class with a different professor I would!
Worst class I have taken. Super long and boring lectures that have nothing to do with the book reading. A pretty hard class for a Gen Ed. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
Confusing, inconsistent, won't answer questions clearly, didn't follow syllabus at all, no comments on 16 page midterm, can't stop talking about racism. Complete waste of my time. Learned more researching on computer. No doubt she is smart, but by far the worst instructor I have had. Do not take her class-even if there is nothing else available.
Super unorganized. gave us a movie assignment over spring break the week before, the movie wasn't even available at blockbuster, then wanted us to download 50 page studyguide and complete. i turned in 9 single space pages for that one and got a C in class. I got A's in all my other classes. She was lame. Avoid her like the plague!!!
Dr. Hethorn sucks the big one. She doesn't know what the hell she's talking about and she gives the worst projects with no direction, and she gives us alot of busy work, and she says EVERYTHING is wrong. She sucks. Don't take her class.
DO NOT TAKE HETHORN. SHE NEEDS TO BE REMOVED FROM THIS CAMPUS. SHE HAS NO IDEA WHAT SHE IS TALKING ABOUT. GIVES U BUSY WORK TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE SHE IS DOING SOMETHING. TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE. SHE DOESNT EVEN KNOW THE ANSWERS TO THEM. DONT WASTE UR TIME
I love Math, and coming straight out of Math 110 the previous semester I thought I was prepared for what Math 122 had to offer. Dr. Tefera is a horrible teacher. Do not take him. You cant understand him and he asks much more of you than needed of a Gen Ed.
Akalu is a fun person, but a horrible teacher. he keeps the class interesting but he is hard to understand and doesn't like taking time out of his day to answer questions, at least not without making you feel like an idiot. his class activities and quizzes don't prepare you for the exams, and he grades everything extremely hard. Don't take him!!
He is a horrible professor who does not teach. His idea of teaching is throwing a bunch of crap up on the board and hoping you understand it. English is not his first language, it might not even by his second, so he doesn't understand questions. He is not helpful. He told us "I can't believe you don't know how to do this, it's easy!"
This class requited a lot of background knowledge of the world. If you are taking it just to fulfill a Gen Ed and you are not interested I suggest looking elsewhere. It was a lot of work and very hard to do because I had little interest in the topics. Lectures were really long and it was hard to take notes because he did not have presentations.
I swear he's the worst teacher ever. People fell asleep during his class, his voice is annoying and monotone, the study guides don't make sense and don't have anything to do with his PP presentations. I HATED this class. Don't take it with him, you will regret it. Instead of Geography, he taught HISTORY -_- Dumbest class ever.
Worst professor I have ever had... The class I took was a Gen Ed and he expected us to know things way beyond the level of the class. Notes are all over place covering random topics with no order or structure. Exams are graded really difficult and the final project is a huge wast of time and extremely difficult and time consuming!
If you are someone who hates to hear an ideologue preach at your from his lecture, stay away!!! Apparently, this GEOGRAPHY professor knows enough to teach students that the Virgin Birth of Christ is a myth! Wow. I've heard profs say shocking things, but this guy takes the cake. Agree or not, he should be fired for being so overtly biased.
Run!!! He is terrible, his is really mean. He has no idea what he is doing and gives you very unreasonible homework. He follows nothing what the other professors do. He expects you to do way to much homework, on top of reading every night, we had to read a 700 pg. novel and write a paper on it, he gave us no time to read it.
The projects aren't too bad throughout the semester. The final is a joke you basicially are learning everything right at the end of the semester. Don't bother going to to talk to him because you end up feeling like an idiot and he doesn't help!
If you want to hear a bunch of totally biased crap, by all means take his course.
Exams are UNREASONABLY difficult for a ge. Graded on 5 exams. Each exam is composed from 10 hours+ of lecture videos. Will need to take intensive detailed notes just to get a C on an exam. This is difficult when every lecture is a sleep speed run. Do not take.
Take this class if you want to be miserable. So many lectures and so much material. Also take this class if you want to be afraid of everything. Shes made me scared to be in parking garages, drive on freeways, travel to other countries, etc. Now Im afraid to even study in the library because she said its unsafe. Not cool
One of the hardest classes I've taken in all of my college career. Her lectures were insanely long and so boring that it was hard to pay attention, and the tests were completely based off of her lectures. The tests were in class and extremely random with the questions. I would not recommend this class.
She is not a very nice teacher.
This professor teaches this class as if it were a 100 level class. If you are a science specialization you should take someone else. Someone who will teach you 400 level content. Take someone who you may learn something from. If you do take her don't puchase the text. She only used it a few times for homework. Use a lab partners book.
This is one of the worst teacher's i've had at state. She doesn't care about her students, she has no office hours. The only time to meet with her is after class and if a lot of kids have questions then she might not even help u since all her classes are back to back. TAKE ANOTHER TEACHER
One of the worst Profs I've had. The more he talks the less it seems like he know the material. He is super boring. Test QUs are long and confusing. He goes off on tangents that don't help lecture. Content could be interesting but with this prof, the class was a waste of my time. I did fine but TAKE A DIFFERENT PROF if at all possible.
Class is pointless. All he does is read the book during lecture which he has put on PowerPoint. It isn't helpful when it comes to the test. However you have to go to class because he gives pop quizzes and a lot of them. Not an enjoyable class, and didn't learn much of anything. He's a nice guy, but I hope to not take a class with him again.
Worst professor I've had. Doesn't respond to e-mails and never gives the grades out in time. If you aren't good at excel or access, expect to teach yourself. Book is useless. I didn't do A+ review, but would recommend it. He tries to be funny, but ends up laughing by himself at his jokes. My friend thought that he was the teacher from Ferris Buler!
Horrible class, horrible professor. The most soul-destroyingly boring and redundant professor I've ever had. No one can take the class seriously because it's a joke. You'll never know what your grade is because half the class fails the tests(which are ridiculous) and he doesn't tell you what your score is after the "curve". Take this at a JC.
the worst teacher at sdsu, unorginzed, doesn't know what he is teaching, waste the class time on bull****, not available and doesn't respond to emails often, grades are turned in after months, you don't even know how he grades his Pertisapation pts, always talks about his son in class who cares, the
Since attendance is mandatory, you would think you'd obtain som information from the class. But no. He makes no sense and is so boring! He rambles off into meaningless tangents and will ask the most specific questions on exams. And so many are his opinions! Don't take this class if you're hoping for an easy A.
Worst professor I've ever had at this school. Not only is he old-fashioned and boring, but he's not a nice person. I had horrible death in the family and he refused to excuse my absense even when I provided him with the Obituary. He was cold to me throughout the semester. He needs to be fired. NOW.
He is a terrible teacher I read all the material and notes from lecture. It is impossible to do well unless you have prior knowledge to Anthro. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
WORST PROFESSOR EVER!! He has no idea how to teach. His lectures have no organization whatsoever, making them impossible to follow. Also, his exams are way too hard. Don't ever take a class with him, or it will kill your GPA.
awful awful awful teacher--LOVES TO HEAR HIMSELF TALK---not helpful at all, one of the worst ive ever had, tests are impossible, DON'T DO IT TO YOURSELF
He has the voice of andy griffith and he is very good when you want to sleep
I would avoid VIctoria at all costs, but she unfortunately is the only professor for Thesis. By far the worst experience I have ever had at GVSU. Very condescending & rude. She has laughed & scoffed in my face multiple times. Very unclear/disorganized & expects the world from you when she doesn't even have her own head on straight. Needs to retire.
Professor O'Neill is nice but if you are struggling, he doesn't put in more effort to help, instead he assumes everyone knows everything he does. The grades are very harsh and unfair and makes you feel so defeated, and he doesn't change his teaching to help those struggling. I recommend not taking his class.
He is one of the worst professors I have ever had. Coming to class is a struggle because he makes the material so dull. His grading scale is unclear for his paper. I learned more by reading the text at home than his lecture. Although the papers can be redone for 2/3, it's not as wonderful as it sounds. I have not heard of anyone getting near an A.
she always wore the same exact sweater and pants every damn day!!! her hair looked like a birds nest and needed some major conditioning!! as far as the class went she was very unhelpful and couldn't clearly explain what we needed to know for the tests. very rude, and didnt know how to socialize with the students!!
DO NOT TAKE CLASSES WITH THIS WOMAN. She bases her grades on if she likes you or not and since she's bi-polar that changes on a DAILY basis. If you have had a bad experience with her, report her to the Provost! She should NOT be allowed to teach! There are a group of us going during this spring term.
Professor Bambach is the hardest professor I have had (I'm a senior) for a course that should not be. The material seems practical and interesting but his exams are completely conceptual. You memorized all of your notes? It won't help you. I have never rated a prof but I thought this was necessary. Do NOT take him for 471. Extremely disappointed.
Worst professor I've had. Nothing he teaches in class is on the exams, even if you memorize the book you still will never get an A. He always has to curve the exam like 12% and we all still get Cs and Ds WITH with curve. Apparently he used to be good but doesn't care any more. Whatever you do, do not take marketing with him if you care abt ur GPA
worst professor i have had in my entire 3 years at GVSU. I am an english major, and his grading is horrible. It is based solely on his own dull opinion...if you are looking for a class to skip all the time, this is it. Tests are horrible....and hard.
Doesn't teach
I know more about brain surgery than she does about what she tries to teach. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
If you have ever had Alka Harriger, chances are you didn't understand the material. She is downright the worst teacher in the CPT department. She dresses in very unprofessional attire, shows no concern for her students, and makes demands that no student could fulfill.
She is not nice to her students and she is not clear of any expectations. she is hard to work with and I hate her.
She is a nice person but not when it comes to class. She doesn't talk to you in a way that motivates you if anything, she brings you down. She is hard to talk to because she is not very understanding and sometimes gets upset very upset fast.
Do not take this professor. Her feedback is so vague and does not help at all. I had two 2hr classes with her and she would spend the first hour telling us why our writing is terrible and the other hour in group work which does nothing. A huge stickler on attendance. Forget one book? go home because you'll get marked absent. Overall, she's annoying
She did not give good feedback and was unclear what she wanted you to do for your papers. I would not recommend her.
She was no help at all. Wanted me to write at like a Ph.D level in my freshman year. Corrections on papers where no help. I would never recomend her to other people. Avoid at all costs.
Bad class, bad teacher. If you read this during add and drop week, get out now. She won't help much and just creates a lot of stress.
She does not care about her students at all. She shows a movie EVERY week and leaves as soon as she puts in on, like she can't wait to get out of there. She is disrespectful to her students and is a very stupid woman.
Tom is a horrible man! He thinks he is a christian but he swears all the time, hes not a good role model, he is not a good teacher, coach, or school employee...he is very mean and yells a lot, i feel bad for his softball team. he is not a good teacher and i did NOT enjoy spending time with him or enjoy his class...
She was honestly the worst professor I have had in the three years I've been at college. I have actually switched my major because I couldn't pass her class. Very smart woman, but not a good professor. She was not willing to work with you.
if you are smart, her class is easy
Wasn't helpful at all, doesn't care about students and unapproachable.
The most organized class I have taken. The notes that he provides are the most helpful part of the class. He can make a hard topic seam easy. He is very helpful at his office hours. His tests seam fair, meaning no real tricks. He has a fast turn around on grading assignment and test. I would recommend taking as many classes as possible from him.
This class is extremely difficult. If you don't do well in one subject area, you automatically get a low grade. Even if you do well in other areas, it still does not help your grade. You are only graded on exams, yet expected to do group projects and multiple discussion boards. Those are only given a check mark if you do them. Didn't learn anything
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. bundles are a made up invention from her imagery world where he class is super vital. Learned nothing from this class.
Do not take this class/She is disorganized/can't teach/nothing is clear/Notes do not help/readings are confusing/She will never give you a clear answer/I read all the text/went to every class/took detailed notes/scores on test 76 and 62. You do the math.
This professor was highly unreasonable with her grading system. I've never received a low grade on a class I studied so hard for. Seriously people, don't waste your time in this class. If you do still think this class is worth taking than your better off buying the study aid for your exams. Otherwise, you probably won't do well at all.
If you are looking for an "A", DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS!! If B & C are ok,you are probably going to get it. 57% of this summer session got B and above. Not many got "A". She tells you the exam is from the slides/notes, don't believe her!
One of the hardest classes I ever took at SDSU...STAY AWAY!
He is the worst professor ever. I took the class and had to retake it again, but this time with another professor. Didn't care about students. Try to avoid this teacher as possible.
This guy is arrogant,mean, and unwilling to help with anything. He could care less about his students and their effort to improve. He is a total ass. The best thing I can do is tell you NEVER take this teacher.
She makes confusing tests and I think she's a ****. She is also good at lecturing and being happy eventhough plays on the act as being fake.
Wish I came to this site before I signed up for this class.
all you talk about is his life. he doesn't explain things very well and he likes to argue with you, but you are never right.
The the only way you will get a good grade in his class is if you go along with his beliefs. He is an extreme homophobe. Only looks at things from a literal biblical view, and a Christian Reformed view. Horrible teacher and even worse lectures. Avoid this class at all costs.
Teacher is aweful. You read cases before class and he calls on you. If you dont know it four points off you final grade. Exams are essays where you fail misserably. I dont know what people are talking about he must have changed his course. If you want an F take him
He is very passionate about the subject and knowledgable and I was a history major while in this class and he made me dislike my favorite subject. He is hard and confusing and BORING.
the only grades are 3 tests, one of them being the final. he is not clear and only teaches by writing on chalkboard in chicken scratch handwriting. can not use a calculator at all even a simple one for adding subtracting and multiplication. does not update canvas so have no idea what grade is. if you can teach yourself, take the class.
He is a bad teacher. If you didn't take calculus in highschool its impossible. He moves so fast, you can't read his handwriting, and his tests are impossible. He just does examples on the board. I am struggling to pass and have to teach myself everything.
PLEASE DONT TAKE HIM! PLEASE.. he is absolutely the least helpful, most intimidating, horrible professor. He makes no sense, his class is so boring, and he just overall sucks. Do yourself a favor and don't take him unless you are into teaching yourself.
I would recommend keeping up with all of the lectures, powerpoint, and taking notes. If you dont come to class you will be behind, tests are hard. Would not recommend meeting outside of class. I would recommend taking someone else if I were given the option.
Dr. Sutton is a bad teacher and a worse person. She is inept for any classroom. She is a rude and despicable teacher. She is a health teacher and yet has admitted to doing unhealthy illegal things which are so bad that this site did not allow me to post it. She is a hypocrite and disgrace to JMU and teachers everywhere.
This is a lecture style class. Attendance is mandatory for no apparent reason and class drags on. She talks about weed A LOT! She is corky but you need to be on your game the whole time because tests ask random and very specific questions. If you take this class be prepared to do work
I would not take this class over if someone paid me. Dr. Sutton is just annoying, inconsiderate, and selfish. You can hardly go to the bathroom and not get yelled at
This lady is absolutely insane! get out now while you still have a chance she's condescending her tests are impossible and touches he nose like every other second you never want to go to class because you know its not worth your time and she just loves to talk about how great she is and her family and their problems WHO CARES!!!
I guess she's a nice lady, if you like feeling like crap. Don't take her if you're looking for courtesy and helpfullness, she falls short. "Don't come to my office for anything"
Fat and worthless, can't teach at all and gives test on stuff he doesn't even teach
He's pretty easy, but usless. He doesn't really know what he's talking about. I had him for graphical Comm too and his advice was always start over.
Doesn't know what he's talking about. Dismisses class very early.
DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH THIS TEACHER. He has no respect for his students as adult human beings, and claims to enforce a rule that forbids students to go to the restroom during class. Intimidation on the first day or not, physical needs of this nature are private and should not have to be discussed with anyone but your doctor.
This guy.......Not so much. If you want a B or better you better plan on spending long hours critically studing each chapter because he doesn't teach most of the stuff. This dude is Baaaaaaaaad. No, seriusly, Stay away!
He is a nice person and cares about his students, but he is very disorganized. We were never exactly sure what would be on exams. He didn't explain things well. He doesn't use blackboard and hardly ever communicates outside of class- even when test dates changed. Even though the class wasn't hard and I got an A, it was stressful and chaotic.
Prof Douglas is a very laid back professor. He takes attendance, and the rest of the class period is free time to either study, ask questions, or work on other things. If you need structure and a lesson plan don't take him, if you have a prior understanding to anatomy and you can self-study I would take him. Tests are straight forward.
I got put in this class first semester of my freshman year. It was the hardest class! The tests are hard and he doesn't tell you what to study for them so you almost have to memorize every chapter for the test. Good guy, bad teacher. Do not recommend him.
He does not teach. He makes the students go in front of the class and read from the book which you could read by yourself. I recommend another prof for sure, even though he is a pretty cool guy.
The absolute worst professor I've ever had at Ferris State. His grading is awful he does not help but he does bash every paper you turn in and will give you a 0 if it is not up to his satisfaction. I will NEVER recommend this professor to anyone.
reading his printing is like reading egyptian hygrogliphics, no one can understand what he says, and he doesn't read a whole sentence before he starts ****in about something he personally doesn't like. this guy is an ass
By far the WORST teacher you'll ever take! Don't take any of his classes unless you have a translator and don't ask the dude to repeat himself or he'll have a stroke.
Do not take intro with Bonvillian. His entire lecture is him rambling about random things that come into his mind and then he tests you on the textbook chapters. Terrible class.
This is the first and only class I will EVER take from prof. Goode. He is a nice person, but unfortunetly his teaching skills are less than likable.He took a subject that could have been soooo interesting and made it something to dread. I would not recommend him to anyone! Please heed my warning!!
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS- i took it because i saw the reviews and thought it wouldnt be to bad. THE TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE 25 mult choice questions on over 10 readings that are over 20 pages each...they are ridiculously hard and the test questions are unclear. The paper is completely impossible
Worst teacher I've ever had. Better be an artist and he will still degrade good work. To subjective. Waste of semester and money. Surprised hes employed. Something is off with this guy, on drugs, mind is in space somewhere.
One of the worst professors at CMU! Avoid him and this class at all cost if possible!
This guy is a complete jerk. If you are not one of his favorites forget it, he will not help you. He will skip right over you when he is walking around talking to students. He will tell you he likes your drawings but then give you a crappy grade.
Cannon is absolutely, without a doubt the worst professor I've EVER had! Everyday on my way to class I was miserable. I dreaded it like no other! The material is painfully boring but not not even compare to how dull Cannon is. DROP THIS CLASS! Trust me!
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROF! His grading is extremely unclear and it is impossible to get an "A" on the papers and discussions boards. He will pick apart every little detail and give you a "B" at best its very annoying. I am an "A" student and this class is killing me. I was told I only have a basic understanding... it is a 100 level intro course
I want to ask for my money back...if you want to learn, don't take him. I should have read his entries before I made the mistake of taking him. I took Mullendore at the same time...she was a great professor...it was the best of times and with McKenzie..THE WORST OF TIMES! If you want an easy A and don't want to learn...take this guy!
He doesn't seem to be prepared for class ever. Also he mumbles....Annoying!
Just don't. If you do and you are not a mathematician or in a 400 level class (see below) then don't. Warning you now.
WORST PROFESSOR OF MY LIFE. I loved math until i got to this class. he makes up his mathematics. I couldn't find the theories he used anywhere in the book or online. this class is ridiculous. I have never hated math as much as i did this semester. I noramlly get an A or B and now i am hoping for at least a D. DO NOT DO NOT take him.
Dr. Parker is a nice guy and he means well but his class is impossible!!! everyone in my class thought so too. There was no way to study for tests because we never used the book and we had no syllabus! it seemed like grades were assigned at random. It literally takes him days to do a problem and when he is done you still don't understand! AVOID IT!
i took every math class in highschool and got at least a B in all and come here and take an "easy" class with this guy. he's a jerk, his tests are really hard and he doesn't help. i don't want to be one of those people on here, but he sucks and avoid him at all costs. honestly.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS FROM THIS PROFESSOR. Run away run away to another 103 class! It's true, he has his own dialect, you will not understand 65% of what he says. He lets the class pick out what to study but it gets inconceivable from there. Took 3 weeks to return tests so our 1st test had to count for freshman midterm.
Run as far and fast as you can... Parker is a horrible teacher, do not take him under any circumstances. I went to every class, got help at the math center and studied every day and got a D. He makes up his own language and it is not worth the stress
The worst math teacher I've ever had. I had two years of high school calc and I'm barely getting a b. Nicest guy, but his teaching method is only usuable in any other class he teaches and nowheres else. STAY AWAY!
Nice guy, but CAN NOT teach. Tests are HARD doesnt teach the material
He did not go to his office hours at all. He does not have his voicemail setup. I had to contact him at his home for information. Hes boring and cannot teach. Avoid him like the plague.
i hate this man more than i could ever express. If you don't haveta take him-don't. He is arrogant, unbelieveably self-involved and so unfair. You miss one class and he'll hate you. He can't teach and really needs to implement the "Good teacher" strategies he tries to teach his students
worst prof. i have had. I am a psych. major and i love psychology but this class was rediculous. i have never been as stressed as i was when i was in her class. she belittles her students to make herself look better and obviously picks favorites and shows who they are. her criteria for assignments is vague and she expect perfection. do not take her
Dr. Handley is a the most unreasonable professor I've ever had. Grades way too harshly and yells at students like a high school teacher would. Very disorganized and won't return lab grades back so you are left wondering how to improve. A pretty impossible class for a GenEd, wouldn't recommend taking Handley at all. Avoid at all costs, actually.
If you want to learn about how to manage people, save your money and don't take this class- get a job at Chick-Fil-A intead. Seriously, if learning theorems and meaningless group projects is your cup of tea, by all means Prof. Crampton is your gal. She is the most scrupulous teacher you will ever meet. Do yourself a favor and AVIOD THIS CLASS!
Worst teacher I've ever had at GVSU. She talks for the whole class so done expect to get out early ever. Also takes point away if you are absent. Uses the powerpoint the whole time and goes threw them super fast. Would never take again.
Dr. Tonn is a nice, funny man, but he is NOT a good teacher. He didn't explain topics well at all. The weekly tests took up time that he could have used for teaching. I wouldn't recommend taking a class with him unless you are a physics major.
DO NOT BUY THE BOOK! I bought the book and you do not use it. Total waste of money! Basically, he goes through powerpoints like there is no tomorrow. If you have a question, he says to check this slide or check that slide. He is not helpful. LAB: pointless. Doesn't really go with the class...
If some professors are born to a great teachers, this one is not. He is boring & unispired at best. He gives you so much to study that will take away from your other classes. If you like to party or enjoy life, stay away. Go to Grossmont instead & take this class with Papajohn.
This class was really hard for me. There is no notes but the textbook, and if you wanna learn about Philosophy then take this class if you wanna learn about math then dont. waking up at 8 am four days a week to come to this class was a waste of time! by the way he doesn't add up the points on the test. he gives you the grade he thinks you deserve.
This class was horrible, and so was the professor. He doesn't seem to care at all about his students, tests are off the wall with randomness, including the take home parts. It is extremely difficult and I would recommend staying away from this professor when taking this class!
Flat out worst math professor ever! Don't even think twice about taking this man's class! You'll regret it! He doesn't care about teaching his students. He is so confusing and his tests are ridiculous and don't reflect what was discussed. He is condesending and actually laughed at me when I came to get help because what I had said was so "stupid".
Terrible and confusing as hhhh. He'll go on forever abotu why something is without giving it any context, and in the end you learn nothing. Expect to teach yourself everything from the book, which is very time-consuming. He will assist you after hours, but overall DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. Find someone else.
DO NOT take his class. he might as well be speaking another language because he makes everything seem so much more complicated than they need to be. i am typically a straight A math student and i will be lucky to finish with a C- or a D+
I do not want to be mean because Professor Gaft is a very nice man. However, I do not recommend this class unless you want to teach yourself. He doesn't lecture, only gives "Terrible Ten" questions each class and gives the answer. All learning must be done at home, with the textbook.
Gaft is a nice guy when you sit and talk to him.... but as a prof he's a bit of a jerk. He counts you absent after literally 30 seconds, but he decided to show up 30 MINUTES late to class one day. If you have no choice and are willing to do a lot of busy work, he's the prof for you... but if you have options... Run.
Worst teacher I've ever had. Did not teach us ONE.THING. Most of the topics were covered in previous psyc classes I took, & the few things I learned this semester, I learned from the book, definitely not from the teacher. He will waste copious amounts of your time. Wonderfully ironic that a horrible teacher is allowed to run a class about teaching.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS, YOU'LL REGRET IT. CAN'T TAKE JOKES, IF YOU TALK, HE WILL KICK YOU OUT, YOU'LL FEEL LIKE YOU ARE IN MIDDLE SCHOOL, YOU'LL END UP DROPPING HIS CLASS. VERY DIFFICULT WAY OF HIS TEACHINGS, USES THE MOST EXPENSIVE BOOK THAT YOU CAN'T BUY OLD, DON'T WASTE YOU MONEY, STAY AWAY FROM HIM TO BE SAFE.
Sucks. Stats is already difficult for me in general and this makes it even worse. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. It takes so much effort for me to even attend, since classes are so boring and his Forrest Gump voice lulls me to sleep. But then he gives 3 tests and all are so hard and there is no way to be fully prepared for them.
do not take. he is the most socially awkward man you will ever meet. he laughs at himself, his grunts every 45 seconds, and stumbles at everything in his way. class is hard...hard to goto,hard to pay attention, hard not to laugh at this man. please avoid.
Very nice guy, but horrible teacher. He should be teaching like 400 level math classes, nothing general. Its a hard class and he makes it harder. He means well, but do not take him if you can possibly avoid it. I am switching major's specifically to avoid failing this class again.
This was one of the worst classes I have ever taken at this school.I recieved no help even when I went to office hours and he is very unclear in class.You want to avoid taking this class with him.He says, "it is against honor code for me to help on the hw." He had trouble solving problems himself.
Do not take her for BIO 140. I have juniors and seniors in my study group that say its one of the hardest classes theyve taken. Her lectures are pointless because she just points to pictures the entire time and her tests are extremely hard. I studied for 30+ hours and got a 75.
dont take her class if you dont have to
Not really a bad guy, I do feel like he doesn't respect us though. Not a good teacher however.
Probably the worst teacher ever. Comes in late every day with his Starbucks.
This is an Engineering Programming class. Yet he doesn't know how to program efficiently and clearly. He also has a language problem. I think he speaks Martian or Uranian.
He doesn't take any questions and assume you have know everything already
the worst teacher i have experienced at delaware. never prepared for class. no structure to what he does. take anyone but him
One of the worst professors I've ever had. Shows up late everyday and holds the class 5-10 minutes late. Teach yourself from the book - he looks at the board and rambles and rambles about nothing relevant. Some days he taught things "just for fun" at at 8AM! Pretty helpful at office hours. HUGE CURVE!
He was so hard to understand and I actually ended up withdrawing from the course because he was so hard to understand. I really didn't like his teaching but he is a nice guy.
Took her course a few years ago and her lectures were all opinion. If you are a far left feminist nut job, she will grade you very harshly. Terrible professor
By far the worst teacher at Delaware. Stay away from this class at all costs. The TA is useless and the Professors exams are extremely detailed and complex that studying for hours will not help you remember every detail he asks. Take a different teacher for this class. Don't put yourself through this.
This was the hardest 100 level class I have taken here. His tests are impossible and the T.A's are no help at all! He is very smart but you have to think like him in order to pass the tests!!
This is the 1st time a professor has been so bad that I felt that I had to write a review. Class is setup like its 1995. slow useless lecture, & 65% of your grade rests on 3 exams. Why does 2/3 of my grade rest on harshly graded HANDWRITTEN code? Other professors grade less harshly on handwritten code, but he expects it be perfect. Avoid him!!!
One of the worst professors I have ever encountered in my few years of college. she gave us an assignment and told everyone to change our topics because she decided last minute she doesn't want to hear the same topics over again. She wants to fit in with college students she is not organized at all and she will never grade your papers at all.
I am currently taking professor Shannons course this semester. I have found that she is not very informed on what she is teaching, she is very unorganized, does not actually read your essays. She does not have a set schedule on what assignments actually are. she is beyond hard to listen to lecture because she is all over the place. I don't recommen
He flies through the material. If you get lost at the beginning, you'll never catch up without seeing a tutor. He teaches math very strange and it's hard to follow. Some students do great, some fail. He said "If you can't spend 8-12 hours each week on Algebra at home, you won't cut it." He can make you feel stupid if you don't know the answer.
He was the worst teacher I ever had. He explains his material in a way that doesn't make sense, and does not really take the time to help his students on a person to person bais. I had his computer based class, so there was little interaction, he's also very rude and seems disoriented often.
this man really sucks when it comes to teaching his comments are rude to other students and he has his favorites and makes it known. If you want to be taught something without kissing hind end and understand don't get take this instructor run!!
doesn't care about you at all
If you struggle with math do NOT take Worthington for Intermediate Algebra. He will just make you more confused. I swithced to a different Int. Algebra Class and understand it way better. If you do have his class, you might want to change classes as soon as possible before it's too late.
This was the worst math class I have ever taken. Terry Lenker would not give good notes and was not helpful when people asked questions. You can learn better out of the book then from Mr. Lenker. I dropped the class and I am so happy.
This is the worst teacher at CMU. I received my worst grade from him. He puts **** on the quizzes and exams that we dont even go over. I studied the most for this class and got 3&5 on all the quizzes. TOUGH GRADER and Horrible teacher
I think I was one of the only ones to get an A in my class, and I only got that because I had had a good trig teacher in highschool. The quizzes are tough and so are the tests. I don't recommend this class if you have never had trig before.
WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD IN ANY CLASS MY ENTIRE LIFE. THIS GUY SHOULD SERIOUSLY BE DROPPED FROM THE TEACHING PROGRAM AT CMU. ITS TIME TO RETIRE BUDDY. DOESNT TEACH ANYTHING YOU MUST DO EVRYTHING YOURSELF CONFUSING TESTS ARE CONFUSING AND VERY HARD
He is awful. Lectures are boring! Never Ever responds to e-mails, so hope that you never need help with anything because he doesn't care. He also chooses favorites so bad in the class and focus' just on them. I don't recommend this professor at all.
This is the worst class in the history of time. The lectures make you wish you spiked your coffee with Baileys. The projects are vague and impossible to do without questioning your presence in the class. To summarize, this class is ridiculous.
Marks is an very nice and knowledgeable bwoman but I have never been so confused in my whole life. I did all of the readings and studied hard, as well as attending every class and did absolutely horribly in it. She is very very unclear and I had no idea how to get a good grade in that class. Unless you think very abstractly, do not take her.
This was an easy class. However, it was the worst because of the teacher. He was rude through email and IS NOT ORGANIZED AT ALL!!!His lessons were all over the place: wrong lesson content. His due dates were the worst they were different every place you looked. For being a communication teacher, he is terrible at communicating!! Find another prof!!
Seriously if you do not have some foundation in neurobiology and/or dont want a hard class.. DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE! This class was so hard, I was interested by the title of the course, but I was rudely awakened. The ONLY reason I stayed in the course was because I paid for a $250 book out of pocket. Palfai talks fast and skims over hard concepts
Terrible teacher don't take. Wentworth should get rid of him.
for the kind of classes he teaches he is the worst proffessor i have had at wentworth. he is hard to understand and doesnt run a well structured class. Review seshions are pointless and everything looks like a flow chart. i think he should be giving physics lectures not elme engineering classes
If you ask him a question he says, "Good question, do it for homework." He also says the word "ok" on average 160 times in 50 minutes. He thinks he knows stuff, but he doesn't know anything at all. If you do get stuck with him, if he is late to class even by 1 minute you'll have a pop quiz. Avoid this guy at all costs. ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok.
I have never seen a professor so unorganized, rude, and a disrespectful teacher. He has no idea what he's talking about. There are some professors that know how to teach, he is one of those that does not.....
Every morning I had his class I would rethink my entire existence. The most atrocious course I have ever taken. No organization. Random quizzes on material we have never even learned. Simply terrible. If you have the choice between taking one of his classes, and dropping out of college; I pray to God you drop.
Gross is a professor I would not recommend to anyone. His lectures are literally just examples of problems and he does not teach you how to actually do the problems. Almost every time I asked a question he would chuckle and barley helped me. If you can switch out of Gross's class I would highly suggest it.
Lot's of webwork assignments which are great for boosting your grade, because his paper assignments are terrible, he grades very picky. This class is very unorganized, and a lot of the stuff he assigns you don't go over in class. If you can, try your best to avoid him if you're not the best at math, otherwise you should be fine for the most part.
He doesn't make sense at all when he teaches and don't expect to get help if you have a question because he will just get upset with you for not knowing what he doesn't even teach. Also, I hope you know how to teach yourself otherwise this class is going to make you learn how to real fast.
Worst professor I've ever had. Only making this comment to protect individuals GPA's, as he will surely ruin mine. His tests are not only longer and harder than other 122 professors, but Gross puts about half the effort as he should providing the class with useful tactics for learning essential concepts. Taught myself the class through the book.
Hands down the worst professor I've ever had. He takes would should be a somewhat easy subject and makes it exponentially more difficult due to his lack of concise explanations. Even when asked to elaborate, he only explains how to do it (and poorly, I might add), not why it works. Oh and he has crippling social awkwardness. Avoid at all costs!
Worst math instructor I've ever had. I could definitely tell he knew what he was talking about, but he was terrible as far as conveying that information to his students. I had no idea what was going on 90% of the time. Complete waste of my time and money. 100% would not recommend as a instructor, especially if math is not your strong suit.
Tests are long! The class is run like a review, students are expected to know all the content already. Do not take this course if you are looking to be taught, it is best if you learn the lessons through another source before each class. Professor Gross does not take control of his classroom, there are often side conversations throughout class.
This class is horribly boring, and he spends most of the time discussing one person's confusion. If you skip class, you will most likely miss something for points. He never returned emails and just doesn't seem to have people skills.
Daric gives extensions to the lasiest students, who start thier projects at the last minute, while others work very hard to get the work done on time. He is a nice guy outside of class but a poor teacher in class. He shows that there are no concequences
She wants you to do things her way or not at all. She also takes points off of your projects if you do miss some class. One of the least helpfull profs I have encountered.
I get on pretty well with most teachers. But Bill? I think he is a pretty ill-equipped teacher to introduce students to the art program. He's a boring lecturer, very full of himself, and very by-the-book, in a bad way. If you diverge from what he teaches, you're in for the hurt. Don't take his class unless you want to pay $ for a semester of naps.
I would not take this course online. I was expecting this course to be a hybrid situation, but it wasn't, and this class is the hardest class I have ever taken. Whenever I would ask for help, she never gave me an explanation and made me feel dumb for asking. Wouldn't give help, just gave tutor name. Quizzes didn't give correct answer when ur wrong.
Professor Yang is the WORST professor that I have ever had! She is never clear about what you need to study, and you can't understand her. She had us buy 7 books that we didn't need, then one we all needed for an assignment that was on the reserve list at the library. 1 book for 25 people needed to get an assignment done!
The class was interesting, but it was extremely difficult to understand her speaking and her writing. You have to read the text and take good notes in order to do well on the exams, which is normal for any college class. If you take it, I suggest you sit in the front row.
If you are not required to take this class, don't bother. Dr. Anderton always seemed unprepared for class to begin, and he never really takes the time to answer questions properly. Just a boring class all together.
he's VERY confusing and you don't learn much but not a hard class
RUN AWAY AND DONT LOOK BACK!!! this professor can not teach to save his life. half the time i think he confuses himself. our class average is horrible. if the university knew what was good for their accounting department they would fire him right away. smart guy but cant teach for anything
Nice guy, cant teach accounting to save his life. Knows his stuff, but just cant convey it to students. I would STRONGLY suggest taking another professor! This class is a huge GPA killer and you wont learn anything about accouting. Be prepared to teach yourself the entire book if you want a B in the class.
Quite possible the worst learning experience I have ever had. When asked a question about a problem being explained on the blackboard Prof. Godwin would stare at the board mulling the question over for minutes. Very confusing, very confused.
Hardest Class Ever! On top of that, you have to deal with worst teacher ever!
Avoid taking him at all costs. He is not accommodating through online learning. Will not accept homework if sent to wrong email even if you did it. Humiliates his students. Expects too much for Spanish004. Claims he will mark you absent if you dont participate or have camera off.
This teacher is horrible. Purposely tries to argue with you and mark you for 'not participating' if you simply are trying your best to answer a question. Humiliates you in front of the class and seems to get off from it. Don't take this class if you care about your mental health AND self respect as a human being. This teacher has been reported.
Nice guy but sucks at teaching the information to you. He is pretty knowledgeable but expects you to know way more than you do. Take the class if you enjoy having to figure out difficult problems without the right information.
All he does is give his own opinon on things. He is very hard to deal with. Also, he does care about facts because he tells you that the book is bull all the time. honestly you will learn more from reading than listening to him talk.
He doesn't explain what will be on tests and what to study. He tells us to read the book and in the same sentence tells us it is crap. He is inconsistent in his teaching and spends most of our time on tangents about current affairs instead of teaching us the basics of political science. He is lazy and makes the students make up the quiz questions.
This class was extremely frustrating. He expected you to know exactly what to do with no clear grading requirements. You read a whole textbook and answer the questions at the end of each chapter. There are no lectures provided even though he takes points off of your homework and exams for not including information from them. Don't take this class.
One of the worst professors I have ever had at GRCC. I took this class online because of COVID, he did not teach a single thing. It was split up into 4 homework heavy units that he takes a month to grade. He also posts youtube videos (that arent his own) that barely even relate to what we read about. No teaching done by him. Major liberal material.
Do not take this class! Very unorganized, loses your submitted work, no feedback or grading scales. He couldnt even tell me what I missed points on my essays after asking him. Doesnt respond to emails. Cancels class half the time and plays videos for the half of the classes he actually shows up to. Doesnt teach the curriculum. Overall bad!
The worst online class I have ever taken. He expects you to read his mind when it comes to instructions, gives you points off on assignments with no comments as to why. I got a 70% on an assignment because there were no instructions, emailed him explaining why I did poorly, and he assumed that I didn't know proper english. Didn't learn anything.
Worst professor I've ever had. Gives NO guidelines for assignments/tests, no lectures, tests over 4 chapters at once with NO study guide or help. Doesn't respond to questions via e-mail and doesn't have office hours unless you e-mail him first. I switched majors from history after how horrible my experience with this department head/professor was.
I do not recommend him. He is not good at responding to emails or grading on time. You have to write a TON on a discussion board, do a stupid assignment, and an essay test for each section. I did not learn anything.
NO! Don't take this class if you want to do well. I give him credit in that he enjoys history. However he expects you to have "intimate knowledge" of everything. Hard exams,barely responds to e-mails and if he does the answers are confusing,grades once a month so you never know how you are doing in the class, and he contradicts his syllabus. Awful
Don't take online course, it's best to take in class. Teacher doesn't participate online.
I did not enjoy this class at all. Miss K is a very picky grader, and she is very disrespectful to her students. When you ask her for help, she just makes you feel dumb. She makes the class extremely stressful when it doesn't have to be.
This class would be great if someone else taught it. He is very distracted and disorganized. Assignments, expectations, and rubrics are unclear. His lectures are boring and do not help explain the text. I genuinely think he doesn't understand mythology either. I couldn't stay awake in this class without coffee.
There was so much reading, the class was just him rambling the entire time, and he was a really tough grader. He doesn't put anything into blackboard so you just have to guess your grade. He also took a long time to discuss and grade things so we always got behind in class. He's a nice enough guy, but I would not recommend this class or professor.
I hated this prof. He's something terrible. He's a hard grader and doesn't appreciate creativity. He's really boring and gets off topic easily. I wouldn't recommend taking this professor.
Burris doesn't grade paper in a timely manner. Her instructions are outrageously complicated. She always changes instructions last minute. She is really sarcastic and puts people on blast in front of the whole class especially on the videos she makes. Don't take her class a AT ALL. Burris is a lousy, awful professor.
As a student in a basic English class. I would not want to take her class. She is insane to be prepared for no grades till the end of the semester. Also, you have to read over 70 pages of instruction for one 5-paragraph essay. She grades based on following the directions and not the content you have learned.
She is a chill person outside of class, but the worst grader I have ever had. She gives out way too much homework and makes you spend more money than you should because when you annotate it must be done on Pink, Orange, Blue, Green an Yellow post it notes. You must have a white binder
only take this class, w/ this teacher, if you want to SPEND all of your well earned money on ink and paper. on one of the assignments, i used over 200 pages of paper. it is so useless.
She is horrible. She did not teach me one thing. She dosent explain things, and is not helpful at all. Dont take her she's a little crazy.
HORRIBLE-her lecture is not coherent. Worst instuctor iv'e ever had.
I didn't like Professor Hoffman at all. She would call you out when you came back from the bathroom. She's a hard grader and NEVER emails you back when you need help with something. Attendance is mandatory. Even if you have a valid reason for being absent, it won't be excused. I would avoid her at all costs.
Decent guy, but not the best professor. Readings were pointless. Never clear on what he wanted, but it din't matter, did well anyway. He missed a few classes, he schedule a few off so we were in class about 50% of the time. If you want a decent grade he is fine, if you want to learn, find another.
This professor doesn't teaches anything on the test, but the extra credit. Everything is online based and feels just like an online class. Facts that have nothing to do with his class more for the future I guess. Do not take him if you actually want to get interested in CJ. Thats why I took him class feels like a drag. Enjoys calling out people.
If you want a teacher that actually communicates with student outside of class. He is not the one, never responded a single e-mail, or answered questions clearly. As long as you show up to class and know how to use blackboard you should be golden.
Don't take thid class, he is not the kind of teacher I ever want to have again. Very rude, and insensitive. I hated him and his class.
Doesn't care about her students. VERY RUDE WOMAN! I wouldn't take her class again!
I took this class online during the summer. I have taken other online classes and this one was the worst. She is not engaged in actually teaching of the class, very disconnected in the learning process.
Absolutely do not take this professor. She uses mastery grading, which is BEYOND confusing. She also ignored all of the emails I sent during the semester regarding the material. She requires you to turn in checkpoints in person + online, refusing to grade if one is not turned in. The class was confusing. she was NOT good at explaining the material.
Terrible professor, I would not recommend her to ANYONE. You have to watch videos at home before class, and then spend the entire hour and 50 minutes doing busy work that doesn't help you for the test. I had to teach myself everything. She also makes a lot of mistakes while trying to explain things. She is also rude and hard to talk to.
One of the worst professors Ive had. If you understand math and can teach yourself, its okay, but, if you are a person who is a slower learner and needs extra help, DONT take her class. You dont need the book but there are always group projects and she does not answer your questions well. Lectures are very boring and long. Makes mistakes.
Do not take her. She made the course much harder than it needed to be. She never explained anything and most of the time handed you a paper and teach yourself. We never used the book. Her test were hard,probably because she didn't teach us anything. I highly recommend not taking her unless you are good at teaching yourself math.
She is horrible. I am lucky I knew the material before taking this class. She dosn't know how to explain things and half the time we end up sorrecting mistaks she makes when trying to do sample problem. She is nice, but very confusing when trying to teach
if you are planning on taking this teacher SWITCH. she may be easy but you won't learn a thing cause she can't explain things well at all.
He lectures for the entire class and doesn't review. If you can't read his handwriting (and you can't, I promise) and miss it when she says it out loud, you're out of luck.
Class may as well be called "complete waste of my time and money." Poor job of explaining topics, if you don't understand immediately, don't bother asking questions. Obviously doesn't care about his students doing well in the class, since class average is a 77%. If you see him as a professor on your next semester schedule, switch classes!
When I took this class on 2002 with her, I feel that she didn't help me at all.
Doesn't respond properly, and can be a bit of a witch. She is a LOSER!
Worst professor ever. She expects you to work ahead before the class even officially starts. She is not willing to help you if you are new to the program. She is unwilling to help you in person, she takes no late work no matter what the reason,. AVOID her at all cost. She may look nice but she is NOT a good teacher and is NOT nice at ALL.
This man is a terrible teacher; I will NEVER take him again. He is very energetic, but he doesnt teach the subject that youre going to be quizzed over, he just gives his hypocritical political opinions, which are very radical and unpatriotic. If you dont hate America you wont like his class.
This is a terrible professor for the introductory course to the english major, and rumor has it he is a horrible professor for any IAH courses, as well. If you are given this professor it's best to reschedule.
wow i wish i could get paid to copy my lectures from a piece of paper to the board and then just read word for word from the piece of paper.. this prof is absolutely horrible.. she does not help you at all.. she talks to fast and does no inclass examples.. do not take this teacher if you want to learn anything.
Incredibly difficult exams. He takes pride in the difficulty of his grading. Not effective at teaching the material, rather chooses questions that leave one wondering where he pulled them from despite having read the book and notes completely. Do not take a class with this guy, he will make you second guess your interest in ecology.
Very dull, tends to trail off and lecture under his breath so he can be difficult to follow. He's also very knitpicky on his exams.If he tells you an exam is only going to cover a certain page range, read the whole chapter anyway, because chances are, he's lying or he's changed his mind last minute w/o warning the class..hes a real piece of work!!!
His exams are not over general knowledge. He picks out small sentences in the book and tests over that. He's very dull and hard to understand where he's going with his lectures. Avoid him at all costs. TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE!
Larry Blose is the most incompetent professor I have EVER encountered. His tests are heinously hard, and he never covers all the test material in class. The only points in the class are from Tests and Homework; nothing else. So there is little room for error. Class consists of boring lectures on the white board where you never "learn" anything!
I took Brame at GVSU for SOC 205 and SOC 382. This professor is extremely rude and arrogant. Not helpful, makes up assignments on the spot and never asks for them later, changes EC assignments to full credit, and "teaches" by reading you the textbook. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. Only redeeming thing is all quizzes and exams are online.
Dr. Brame was the worst teacher I have had yet! He is totally rude, and puts down his students in front of the whole class. If you ask a question he will make you feel totally stupid, and never answer the actual question. He's not picky about who he treats terrible, he treats everyone terrible! Didn't learn a thing. Assignments are never clear.
He is very rude and "knows everything"
Focuses way too much on race and religion for this to be a well rounded soc class. He acts like his students are a burden and obviously puts his other jobs first. Lecture rarely covers what's on the tests. He may be a decent man and very intelligent but he is honestly the absolute worst teacher I've ever had. He should stick to his other jobs.
Dr. Brame is very difficult to get along with, and his instructions are often very unclear and irrelevant. He's politically incorrect, and offensive. I do not recommend this prof if you want to spend your time wisely.
Crazy black teacher! If you are black take the class, he will call you his sister all the time and you will not have to do a thing. If you are white don't waste your time, he talks to us like we are still taking his freedom away.
what a jerk. all he talks about is being president of the urban league, and how he's such a great black man, we should all bow dowm and kiss his conceited feet. don't take his class.
Rich teaches of dead lit movements. To bring up context and clarification has her stumbling around material she isn't even confident about explaining. She hasn't a clear course structure, nor does she care. If you want to actually write or attain skills, skip. If you want to not create a path for yourself and remain beige, enroll.
Mrs. Herlache is by far the worst Math teacher I have every had. She reads directly out of the book and is terrible at explaining things. I would not take her ever again in my whole life.
He's terribly annoying. Lateness policy stinks. Tests are hard. He's monotonous. Try to avoid taking him if you can.
This guy sucks! He can't teach, expects you to do TONS and TONS of busy work! If you miss one class, you miss atleast 20 points! Watches you like a hawk..absolutely no talking to others in this class. Recommendation: Don't take him!
The guy can flat out not teach! First of all you have busy work to do, and he does not explain things correctly. If you ask him a question, he travels on a tangent then expects you to understand. Show up, study without him, and maybe he will pass you!
If you want a teacher who has no experience in the field that she is teaching and can't answer more advanced questions that she should be able to answer because of their relevance, then Grandma Patricia Higgins is the right teacher for you! She sucks. Period. ****AVOID****
This woman is saint Queen. She is just her to get a pay check. Do not care about her students at all. She really need to retire if she do not want to teach. She really do not teach, she just talk. Very confusing instructor.
A very rude inpatient woman who do not listen to nothing you say. Think she is the only one who know something and everyone else is empty headed. Is not helpful at all. Do not like to answer question. Don't know the material that she teaches very well. Need to learn to give others respect.
Thanks for not telling us it was a cumulative final. Most BORING class I've ever taken.
If you're taking this class because you're interested in Science, don't take this guy. He doesn't teach. Even the most ambitious people will attempt to listen to what he has to say and just give up. Class is a joke, not difficult but just bring your laptop and go online. Be prepared to teach yourself.
The truth is, you pay for each class you take and you should learn something from it. You won't learn anything important in Dr. Krause's class besides what types of food give him indigestion and when's the last time he was having problems with his prostate. Don't take this class unless you want to end up skipping or just falling asleep.
I have never seen anyone pay attention in this class. this guy sucks. donttttttt take him. the tests are so hard. you have no idea what they're on cause all he does is lecture. run.
BAD.. you will learn nothing in the class, therefore he's test are extremly HARD... boring too, only good thing is attendence is not taken, he doesn't care
Boring teacher, doesn't seem to care about students, hard to understand. He might know his stuff about math, but he doesn't explain anything in a clear, concise format.
This was prob the hardest class I have ever taken in general. I had a 3.8 GPA & I needed this grade to keep it. He is incapable of helping students & ensuring their success. The material is not easy & he makes it 10x harder. This was probably the most stressful experience I've ever had & I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. My GPA is ruined now!
Have never cried in a class before I took Masterson. He is a good person and understandable if you come to him but his tests are 10 times more difficult than the homework. Would not recommend his class to anyone, reads off slides and slides are difficult to understand.
Worst professor I've had so far at SHU. This class is set up for failure and he doesn't help when you need it. He reads off of slides and gives tests that are harder than the material he 'teaches'. I asked for help and instead he told me he didn't think I could handle this course. I failed out and now have to retake it. Do not recommend.
If you are reading this, drop Professor M. right this moment and never try to take him. Lectures are long, boring, monotone, and he never interacts with the class. Notes are barely legible and homework is difficult and time consuming. Tests are tough. You will need to teach yourself the whole class. Nice guy, terrible teacher. Avoid at all costs.
DO NOT TAKE HIM. You basically have to teach yourself everything because he sits in his chair and reads off of his slides that make no sense. Good luck trying to go back and use his slides to help with homework or to study because they are hard to decipher.
Professor Masterson is, in my opinion, a terrible professor. He takes everything from the book, and he explains nothing. You pretty much have to teach yourself the course. He posts nothing to blackboard and you never know what your grade is. If you aren't the best at math, stay away because this is not the professor for you.
If there's one piece of advice I could give anyone it would be to NEVER take this professor. I went to tutors and learned through them, however he gave me no credit on several problems because they weren't his way and he doesn't give partial credit on anything! Unless you're a genius in calc do not take him, he isn't worth the stress.
If i could grade him a 0, I would. Worst professor I have ever taken. Explains things horrible and is skittish and frantic. His lectures are boring and he's horrible and explaining things. I feel bad because i'm sure he's a very nice man, just really not a great professor.
Never take him if you have choice. Worst professor ever had
Honestly, a 1.7 is being generous. He doesn't stay on topic and often goes off on tangents with random math topics. He also expects you to know things that are not common knowledge which really isn't fair. Avoid him at all costs. it will make your semester much easier and a lot less stressful.
Most useless professor ever. Does not go over anything, will teach a mile a minute, and will not care if you don't understand.
Hands down the worst prof I ever had. He talks down to students and I stopped going to class after half the semester because he was very rude and condescending. He also only grades you on three tests. AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS. But, if you can't, read the textbook and make a group chat with people in the class just in case lectures come up on the test
i can hands down say this guy is the worst. hes SO RUDE. refused to work with students despite covid. (would put obscure questions on exams on things ONLY discussed in class. if you missed, even because of covid, he REFUSED to help.) i did the reading. i put in the work. he is the dictator of his class (his words). avoid if you want a high GPA.
Phillips is a legit psycho. In his opening to the class on the first day he said "Don't f*** with me" and referred to himself as God. Seriously? This guy needs anger management seriously! He also said he would take any student who was texting in class to the board...and then reminded us that he sits on the board. (sounds like a threat) AVOID HIM!!!
I hated this class. He is a funny adn interesting teacher, but teaches at such a high level, i couldn't comprehend what he was trying to say. His test are super hard, and he doesn't give any assignments but three tests...which means if you do poorly on one, you're not going to have a very good final grade. Very ahrd grader, not a fun class at all
This guy flat out told me I was going to fail to my face in front of the rest of the class. This guy is by far the worst professor at seton hall and I literally hope I never have to see him again ever in my life.
He's a **** dick who knows half as much as he should for a professor in his field.
Don't take this class if you have the choice. You have to go to every class or you won't pass. Incredibly boring, hard clicker questions, randomly calls on you. Best part was that instead of having actual exams, the midterm and final are just essays. READ THE BOOK and review lectures before class. All of his clicker quizzes are based off of them.
He is totally scatterbrained. You can't keep up. He's all over the place. He goes off on long irrelevant tangents. I left the class confused and annoyed. Not a good professor at all. Get anyone else if you can
AVOID. If your a chill person, and want to get good grades, DO NOT TAKE. He is soo disorganized, talks endlessly and is of NO help. Stuck in the 60's and has no idea whats going on these days and how to teach a monder day class. avoid avoid avoid.
This is the most disorganized man I have ever seen. He is absolutely brilliant, but expect to learn about globalization, capitalism, and corporations. The assignments are mystifying and there is little to no way to understand what will be on the quiz. Good luck, you're probably screwed if you take his class.
WOW. I have no idea why so many people gave him a good rating. He is boring, unintelligent, and heterophobic. Enough said.
Worst teacher I have ever had in my life. Insults your intelligence by talking to you like a child. Everything about this class is unfair. Gave my group a C on our final project even though we followed the guidelines to a T. Brought everyone in my group down an entire letter grade. Consider yourself blessed if you never cross paths with this lady
Gardner is HORRIBLE. I knew this before I took the class and thought I would stick it out. DO NOT TAKE MKTG RESEARCH w/ her. She is an unfair grader, cannot teach, does not help AT ALL with the project at the end. You will kill yourself for a B or a C. I cannot stress enough - take it with another teacher or at another school during the summer.
The worst teacher in the department of business
Can't believe I am paying money to take this class. We are not being TAUGHT anything at all. Each week read a chapter about complex ideas and then are supposed to write insightful discussions about them. But, he doesn't give any lectures or class time, so we don't learn about it. We don't know what we are scored out of, and we get NO feedback.
Professor Yantek was, by far, the worst professor I've had at Kent State. He was very much rude to the students who attended the course, providing vague feedback while frequently inserting his personal opinions, and has a condescending attitude, often talking down to students. I would not recommend him to anyone who enjoys Political Science.
Wow!! This lady is a terrible teacher. She DOES NOT care if you are getting anything from the class. However if you do have to take her, pay VERY close attention to the examples with "*" next to the number.
OMG...TOO TOO AND EXTREMELY DETAILED. Nice guy but class was boring. Essay on the exams are horrible. If you have a choice take a different teacher. Has very high expectations on everthing.
Not a good role-model for being a teacher. Shows little interest in students, shouts down students who disagree with him and neglects to give you his real grading system. If you're a chich you might do well in his class.
Ah, Pittinos. Where would we be without him? ...Exactly where we are now. Don't take the class if you actually want to learn something. If you're looking for easy credit, though, by all means. But he seriously plays favorites. Bonus points if you're a bit of a bimbo (or himbo...).
Okay, so this man cannot teach. He really can't. He doesn't know much about theatre at all, he acts like he does. However, if he really did perhaps he would dedicate some time to actually directing his class. He says that he cares about attendence, but he will still give you a 4.0 if you don't show up. Easiest class.. ever.
Worst class ever. daily quizes were extremely hard, even when we had the right answer he would turn our answers around somehow to make it out we were still wrong, cause we were somehow suppose to read his mind on how to answer the question. Very monotone. Horrrrrrible!!!...
So glad its over! He was the worst teacher EVER! I didn't learn anything... he should not be a teacher! Retirement is calling his name
He is very arrogant he believes that he is better than everyone because he Dr. in front of his name. He goes out of his way to make his students feel inadequate compared to him. Don't take him, he's horrible!
He was absolutely horrible...test are nothinglike what your homework is. He's very hard to follow durring class. Doesn't know how to teach on a intro level. Only good thing is that he is very enthusiastic about Statistics! Would not recommend him to my worst enemy...aweful!
I failed miserably...even WITH tutoring! Nice person (male/female heck I dunno) && obviously is emersed in the SUBJECT; unfortunately is not as successful in conveying the information to us!! PLEASE do NOT take this professor unless you are already a mathmatic/statistical GENIUS!
he is alright as a person. he shouldn't be teaching CS peroid. he doesn't know how to program in C++ or C for that matter. he purposely makes his tests ridiculously difficult ie memorizing everything HE said to the letter. if you like this be my guest.
Avoid this professor if you can, especially if you are knew to programming. Yes he is a nice person, but not an effective teacher. He writes his lectures as he goes, which are not very organized or cohesive. It is hard to understand what is happening in the program b/c he does not show it. Don't let this experience discourage you in learning
I thought I should do a service to SDSU students and warn you about this teacher. She is the worst prof I have ever taken! She is unorganized & overall this was a ridiculous class. Tests are long do not include multiple choice.I will get an acceptable grade but she made it really hard for me because she is so nonsensical. TAKE HER AT YOUR OWN RISK!
This woman is the worst teacher i have encountered in my 20 yrs of life on this planet. She has no clarity in her assignments or questions on exams. She will tell you to study things that end up not being on the test. But she will test you on information that has never been covered. She is very mean to certain students and it is disrespectful.
If you want to waste your time, go ahead, take his classes...
She sterotypes people if you are not an English major
One of the worst professors I have ever had. He wastes your time for 10-15 min each class with stupid videos/lame jokes. Then he proceeds to bore you to tears by playing around on the computer and mumbling. I wouldn't even call this guy a teacher because he really doesn't "teach" you anything. I'm not bitter about my grade(B), this guy just blows.
Definitely one of the worst profs I've ever had. No facial expression, completely monotone voice, very dry sense of humor, moves slowly through class. you wish that you brought a gun to class. takes off too many points for tiny things. horrible teacher
STAY AWAY. STAY AWAY. STAY AWAY. Probably the WORST instructor I have ever had. Your grade is only determined by 3 tests and are nearly impossible (the study material and the test material are almost completely different). Makes you come to lecture by taking attendance. Lectures are pointless. You won't learning anything about finance in this class
Do not take Anatomy at UNL! He tries to fail his students, his tests are designed to fail. If people actually got tested on what they learned they could get a good grade in the class. Apparently a 70% in the class is really high according to him, that should be a red flag right there! He is down right arrogant and unapproachable.
Tests are extremely hard, the lectures would be very interesting if only this professor did not spend 20 minutes per slide, it looses the attention of the class very quickly. He cares about his upper level classes, but in Gen Bio, he is extremely unhelpful. Do not take for Gen Bio.
Prof. Whitmer does not care for his students learning, rather their ability to follow his ridiculously laid out instructions. If you dont follow every instruction exactly as he has laid out, you will receive a zero on the assignment no matter the weight. Avoid him at all costs.
She was truthfully the worst teacher I have ever had. 95% of the lectures are spent rambling on slides that have no importance to the course. No one in the class has any idea what is going on. Syllabus was incorrect. Grade was entirely based on 4 papers, she waited until the last week to hand them back. Graded 20 15pg final papers in one day (how?)
This class is the definition of a train wreck. Papers were assigned throughout the semester, yet were only returned for revision during finals week. I would say that she should probably retire soon, it would be the best choice for her and students that have to deal with her absolute nonsense. Do not take any courses with this professor.
Really boring. Icy and unapproachable, uses ableist language in lectures. I honestly couldn't tell you anything she taught us because all she did was show us google stock images and rant about barnacles and how her entire family died from strokes. Don't take this class.
By far the worst class I've ever taken. She doesn't care about her students&refuses to interact with them. Her teaching style is awful& unless you have an extensive background in anthropology, you will not know what is going on. Even the AI doesn't understand the reading assignments. The class is too hard for grads but it's a topics class? Come on.
Wow. Definitely the worst professor at MSU. She has to be the closest thing to the devil I have ever seen. Such a mean lady, but she thinks she's the cats ass. Her class is impossible you won't learn anything.
Prof Hanson has been the worst professor I've ever taken. Quite frankly, he doesn't even know what he wants from students. Each time you ask for clarification, he will describe the project differently. And too many questions makes him angry - he yelled at our class for not understanding something he had never even mentioned let alone taught us
Terrible teacher! Do not take him because he does not help you! He would mark answers wrong on my take home test and other students in the class right! He even lost one of my tests! He told me what to write for my major story and then marked it wrong when I handed it in!
I did the work and still got a C. Very unorganized and hard to understand. Avoid him if you can.
The worst teacher ever. All she does is go on about her personal life (NO ONE CARES!). The class seems easy but when it comes to the tests, they are hard. She doesn't prepare you for any exam. WORST TEACHER EVER!
Absoloute worst accounting instructor I've ever had. She's patronizing, and rambles on like a radio when she teaches. She just expects students to understand stuff in lecture, without giving anyone time to let the material sink in. I hated this class.
I seriously wish I had someone else for this class. I pity the children taking her in the fall.
He will literally ramble all class and is very unclear about assignments/essays. His voice will put you to sleep. He will spend all class period talking about an assignment, then give you 5 mins to complete it. He is a very tough grader on everything. You will never receive an A on anything in this class. He will also pick on you in class.
This class is overall so difficult. I barely passed this course and was stressed the whole semester. I just wanted to pass the class and I achieved that. The professor made it easy to lose all motivation to do well in the class. Just avoid this class.
Senchuk's Race, Gender, and Humanity class is the worst class I've taken at IU. His lectures are very boring and the grading is unfair. I do not recommend taking a class by him.
Prof. Senchuk is probably one of the worst professors at IU. His race, gender, and identity class is the worst. Very boring, and the take home quizes are hard. Grading is pretty harsh also. I would not recommend this class to my worst enemy!
One of the worst professors IU has to offer. When asked questions pertaining to the homework, he COULD NOT answer them. If you're going to teach a subject, perhaps you should understand it. What a bad experience...
He doesn't care about how hard people try and he doesn't want to grade exams knowing who wrote them and how much effort they put into studying. I tried hard and stll got a C.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! This prof should be fired, but he is tenured. He may have been better 10 years ago - but he is a waste of your tuition dollars and time.
NOT A GOOD PROFESSOR AT ALL
The worst teach I have ever had. Good luck finding out what your grade is, I don't think she knows her own grading system. You never get back your papers in a timely manner. We colored a lot in class not sure what that has to do with English! Very unclear about what the assignment is most of the time.
I would not recommend this woman to any student at GRCC. She is very unclear with her intentions and you can never be right. She tells every one of her students something different, so nobody knows is going on in any given class. If you can save yourself the headache, and find a diff. teacher.
YOUR OPINION IS WRONG no matter what. She is very unclear as to what she wants, and she is a raging feminist: The woman has fallen off her rocker.
Don't take her. She talks slowly and when you ask her a question she either confuses you more or doesn't answer the question.
Dr. Stewart is one of the worst professors on this campus. She doesn't teach. She just reads straight off of the powerpoints and going to class is useless. She has daily quizzes, though, so you are required to attend. Take physics in the summer if you can!
This instuctor does not teach, she just shows powerpoint slides of pictures that are in the book. She is nearly impossible to hear. She assumes that everyone thinks like she does and can comprehend her vague graphs and homework problems. If you want to learn physics take this course somewhere else and transfer it in.
WOW, where do I start. This has to be the worst profeesor that i have ever had. She is terrible at explaining everything. Over 50% of the class e-mailed her after the first class because they had no idea what she meant. The only reason that I did not was because i messed around the website for nearly an hour looking for the online homework problems
I cannot begin to explain how terrible this class was. If you don't already know how to do the work, good luck. The only reason I did so well is because I have had the class before and I had a great drill instructor. Do the homework; his lectures are so confusing and he mumbles so bad, you won't even know if he is talking about Calculus or not.
Dr. Meek is a sweet old man, but it was hard to hear him speak and he seemed a disengaged. Going to his office hours for clarification on the material is useless. If you enjoy learning math on your own, then take him. If you like to have a professor who is a little more engaged, find someone else.
Dr. Meek is a horrible teacher, but he gives pretty easy test. Instead of teaching by using the formulas and examples, he spends lecture explain the proofs of the forumla. If you need real examples to learn, this is the wrong teacher. If you can read a math book and teach yourself, thite perfect class.
If you do your homework and teach yourself everything, you'll make a decent grade. His lectures consist of all variables, so it can be difficult to follow. Don't count on any bonus or extra points in this class. Oh yeah, there are pop quizzes.
Gets easily frazzled, especially if you ask a question. She does not know anything about how to create artwork in photoshop or illustrator. Should take with someone else if you want to learn.
Lets you work at your own pace as its pretty much a learn on your own class. You teach yourself. If you have questions, just ask other students as she doesn't really know how to use any of the programs. Pretty easy though if you already have a pretty good idea how to use the programs. But should get another teacher if you don't.
She didn't know the material coming into the class. She had never taught it and I am teaching myself how to do Excel. Not an effective teacher at all.
This class is a joke. She really doesn't help you out at all and her grading is really unfair. She does however let you work ahead but expects you to lag behind with all the others during the class. Avoid this prof if you can.
More like you typical grandma that doesnt know what the heck she is doing on the computer - I saw her mess up kids projects more than once and not know how to fix them. If you do have her, don't ask for help unless you're desperate.
Yes, he is hot and a good speaker. He is also very smart. However, his tests are too tricky to be of any use to anyone. He is aloof when you ask him for help to study for the test. I don't like his attitude since he thinks he is God's gift to the university. I am a junior with a 4.0 and dropped his class so that he couldn't ruin my gpa.
This guy is so busy talking about all the books, and articles he has written, that he has no time to get to the lessons he should be teaching. He does not have time for his students. If you take one of his classes, be sure you can teach your self.
This is the only class I have ever received a B in. There are only 3 test and they are never over his ridiculously boring lectures. Horible class....it is impossible to pay attention.
If I stay longer than 5 mins I fall asleep. His test are random and have nothing to do with the notes or the book. He is a PhD teaching an intro class that he gets bored with. I do not recommend taking him. Good Luck
The worst class I have ever taken. Tests were extremely long (45 mult.choice, 40 T/F, 6 ID, 2 short answer, and a full blown essay) and he can't teach. Overly opinionated. Forced myself to go to class. Horrible.
Not a good teacher. Very boring. Nit-picks exams and includes lots of useless trivia on them. Don't take him if you can help it. Are you paying thousands of dollars to get "nice guys" who have impressive resumes but no teaching skills, or quality instructors? If you answered the former don't take Purvis. I did and I want my money back.
While I believe Professor Phil is respected and knows his craft, I found his teaching style to be challenging at best and hostile to new students at worse. He teaches a beginning level scriptwriting class like he's teaching Scriptwriting II. His feedback is vague, and he doesn't aid his students outside of class. He isn't constructive at all.
All I can say, is that I'm glad that he has one semester left. He is insufferable. He has zero creativity and it is very clear that he just doesn't care about the films that his students make. He's the absolute worst, avoid at all costs.
easily the worst professor at UT. would not recommend you take under any circumstances.
Not clear, not helpful, not a good teacher.
You might as well be taking a coorespondence course for as much help as he is in regard to exams. If you already know about this stuff and want to come to class to chit chat about whatever is on his mind, you'll enjoy him. If you've paid your tuition to actually be TAUGHT something you don't know about, don't count on it.
DO NOT TAKE. Bob Stassen is the worst teacher in the history of teaching. Only went to class for attendance points, never knew what the hell he was talking about and he will accuse you of academic dishonesty if he is "dissatisfied" by your work and won't explain why. I would never recommend this class except to the people I hate.
Very confusing and not interesting at all even if you like the subject. Avoid him if you can. Worst teacher I have had in my 4 years. Does not answer your questions at all and won't explain anything.
He is a nice guy, but should not be teaching. If you're looking to enroll in this retail course, take another professor. In comparison to others, this class is much more difficult. Usually I would be OK with this, but I don't feel like I'm learning much.
Possibly the most boring teacher I've ever had. Not a bad class though. Great class for those going into retail. Double check all project instructions with him b/c he's very vague.
Good class if you want to hear how african americans are always right and you want to hang out with athletes. Very Easy.
Get ready to teach yourself and get a tutor. The only thing that is saving my grade is extra credit. He is a very nice guy but the lectures are not helpful for the test and quizzes.
Horrible. Brusstar needs to keep up with dance knowledge if she wants to keep teaching. I felt like I knew more than her and she had made up answers for test. Worst Professor I have ever taken. Wacky old lady that needs to be updated.
Covered way to many chapters and did not teach us that good. I have had many better professors both here at Cabrini and the last school I was at. I think that she tries but needs to SLOW DOWN!!! We are not all Nutrition majors (and don't really care enough to be one) @-/
Chem 109 is easy, but not with Siu. I had to teach myself everything from the textbook. She bounces all over the place, and then hurries to finish. If you do want her to slow down or clarify, she'll respond with a snark comment and act like it's a chore. Don't take Siu and make this harder than it needs to be.
Worst Professor I had at GVSU. Her test do not relate to the test, she is not easy to talk to or ask questions. She will make you feel dumb. I would never recommend her to anyone.
Mrs. Siu was an awful professor. She acted like students were stupid when they asked questions, and was rude. She posts all of the notes on Blackboard so it's really not necessary to go to lecture because she just repeats herself. It's not hard to learn, I got by with an A- only paying attention in a few lectures. Do all of your OWL!!!
She is the most rude teacher i've ever had. makes students feel incredibly stupid when they ask questions. yells at students. she is just plain MEAN. i felt worthless everytime i left her class because she would make everyone feel soo dumb for asking questestions and makes sure the entire class hears how dumb their questions are. she is sooo RUDE!
Mrs. Siu is awful. She does not like students who asks questions and when you do, she treats you like you are an idiot. The lab is incredibly hard and she doesn't make it any easier. I would NOT recommend her.
Terrible professor. Exams were poorly written, entire lecture periods were spent doing examples on overheads. I learned more from the online homework (OWL) than lecture. She cannot keep control of the classroom. Discussion consists of a quiz which takes 10-15 minutes. If you want to know about figure skating, take this class.
awful teacher, explains thinks like****. Had to get a tutor who was more helpful than her! worse class ever!
This prof will ruin your GPA...I went to her outside of class a couple times and she made me feel like an idiot for doing it. If you miss one of your tests she counts the final worth double, this is what screwed me over. DON'T TAKE HER!!
No, No, NO!!! Lab instructor: Very poor. A rude boor of a woman; actually turned her back on me when i went to her office for help the first week of the sem. I KNEW I was in trouble then. Marks off for RIDICULOUS crap!
Do not take her lab, grades WAY harder than ANY other professor, I promise. Takes off points for really dumb things, lab may even bring your grade down because of her
Please people get out. She is very rude...Xbox will treat you better.
i asked for help and she said "I don't know what to tell you, I don't know"
I did not enjoy this class. The lectures did not have to do with the tests and class dragged on for hours it seemed.
Nice guy but is one of the worst professors I've ever had. You can spend hours on a project and he'll chew it up, spit it out and give you a C+ out of pettiness. His exams are extremely specific (asking for direct quotes he's said in lectures)- you miss one class and you're screwed. His lectures were fun but the cons outweigh the pros.
Don't bother emailing him, he doesn't answer any of them. He never comes to class, so last minute, he assigns random things to do online. He doesn't use D2L, so you can't see your grade the whole semester. He uses webcourse, instead, but it never works. Makes fun of every student in the class and doesn't care how mean it is.
She is the worst professor i've ever had. All quizzes are on Moodle, which is nice, but she fails to tell the class WHEN we have them. So basically you have to check Moodle at least twice a day to see if she's posted one. When I e-mail her for help, she always tells me it's my fault for "not listening properly." Nothing is up to her standards.
Emling is the most boring teacher i have ever had. Class is based on quizzes, exams, and papers. the Quizzes and exams are very hard because the wording of the questions can be difficult. lectures are VERY long and dry. There hasnt been a day that i nearly fell asleep. I would highly recommend taking a different teacher or stay away from sociology
I learned more from the book.
I took this class online and this was the absolute worst class I have ever taken. You have to self teach by reading a chapter of a book and take a quiz that has nothing to do with that chapter in the slightest. Whenever I emailed him for help he asked me to show proof I was not learning. I would never ever take a class taught by him ever.
Awful, I had to drop the class/ not enough time to get the amount of help I needed outside of class. Avoid at all costs
So I would not recommend this as a math teacher at all. He mumbles all though out class, and is all over the board, and I never now what's going on. I have almost fallen asleep in class everyday.
Statistics with Professor Ramasesh might have been my least favorite class I have ever taken. He is not understanding NOR does he help you in the slightest bit. It is almost like he enjoys making fun of students for asking questions. He never made it clear what to study. The ONLY thing I learned from his class was what hair product not to use.
If you have no previous stats knowledge, good luck...
He rambles and rambles and rambles about nothing in class. he skips around and has no order to his lecture. he does not tell you what is on the test and has a terrible way of presenting. i was scared at every test and have learned NOTHING in this class.
Do not take this teacher. She was disorganized, rude, and just weird. She did not explain assignments, and we would not get grades back on them for weeks if at all. She did not understand how to use Western Online. She heavily favored certain students. Her class was very stressful and not worth the time.
Don't take this class! SHe is unorganized and never gives specific dates to when projects are due. She goes off on random topics in class that doesnt even have anything to do with what we're tested on. She grades on attendance too, so you have to go and listen to her boring rantings on racism
I really do not recommend taking this teacher. He is power-hungry and tries to use his authority over students. He gives more work than you can handle, simply because he can. He makes it impossible to get an A in this class and doesn't show any compassion towards students. Definitely not a good professor and shouldn't even be teaching
She's lame... don't take her classes.. you will regret it fo sho.
She has NO place in the classroom. She will challenge you mentally, degrade you verbally and talk at you at a Master's level while teaching a sophomore level general ed class. She is by far the WORST teacher on the entire CSUB system, and get this...SHE IS THE HISTORY DEPT CHAIR! Don't take her EVER!
I can not believe she is a professor. She does not deserve to teach. Her lecture is unclear and bias.
DO NOT TAKE A COURSE WITH THIS PROFESSOR I REPEAT DO NOT TAKE A COURSE WITH THIS PROFESSOR! She was not helpful with her feedback and there were many discussion boards and 3 papers that make up your grade. She grades very harshly, the highest grade I got was C-. While in another class, I was told that I was a great writer. Take another professor!
unnecessarily cruel my best advice is to avoid this professor at all costs
do not take this class unless you love teaching yourself! she assigns daily class assignments, but does not tell you what she is going to be looking for when she grades them. only after you get the paper back does she tell you what she was expecting. she definitly has her favorites each quarter, and if you're not one of them :(
This is absolutely the worst professor I have ever had. She grades incredibly harshly on criteria that isn't made clear. For one assignment, she gave about 85% of our class the same grade (the lowest grade she could possibly give). Her feedback on papers is largely just "this is incorrect" with no help on how to improve. Good luck future EUPS kids.
Her lectures were extremely dry, and would usually go off topic in material that had nothing to do with exams (even though all testable material came from lecture and textbook). The tests are near impossible and I did all the required work, tests had nothing to do with lecture. Took this for my minor and lead to my change in minor. do not take her.
I have never had a teacher that was such a tough grader. On one quiz I had 20% deducted, not for having the wrong answer, but because I drew one box around two answers. The only comment was a red X that said, "separate boxes for answers". This man does not care about his students, he doesn't care that the class average is a 68. DO NOT TAKE HIM
Doesn't explain material very well. Hard to understand. Grades VERY hard. Tests aren't too bad, but if you don't study hard, go to class, and do all the homework you won't do good. DOES NOT CURVE AT ALL. I needed 1.5 more points in the class for the next letter grade and he wouldn't budge. He wouldn't even curve someone who needed .25 points....
Very biased on whom he teaches. If you not a member of IEEE be careful! He will ignore you and treat you like you don't know anything.
This guy is a jerk. You can never ask a question unless you want him to make you feel stupid in front of the whole class. Avoid Dirkse at all costs!
Dr. Spiegel is not a good bio professor. His lectures teach you nothing that you need to know for exams. His exams are opinion based and hard to pass. He knows a lot about biology just doesn't know how to teach it in a way to help his students succeed. Would not take again, probably the worst class I have ever taken.
In his lectures and tests he contradicts everything he says. His tests questions are very hard to understand.
You will learn nothing beneficial in this class. Hope that you get a good group because you take exams and labs with them. His lectures often go off on tangents and he rambles about slime molds. He makes 'scenarios' for his exams and you have to answer either appropriate or inappropriate. Don't take this if you can avoid it, not worth the stress.
Spiegel is the most inconsistent professor I have ever had. Took his Bio4Majors class the first semester he taught it, so we were his guinea pigs. Group exams based on your lab tables, so if you can, choose wisely. He likes to choose between individual and group exams each semester. Tests are hard, and the grading criteria changes constantly.
Fred's lectures are completely random and off-topic. He claims that this is to apply the materials we are learning in the textbook, but he is very boring and unclear. Hard to write notes because nothing he says is relevant. The tests are confusing and even with a cheat sheet they are a guessing game. RIP if you have to take this class.
He says basically whatever he wants, wastes time in class with pointless conversations, and doesn't let you know when assignments are posted. His tests are hard to study for, and the way he formats them are difficult to understand. They're also very long. He is not clear on what he wants, and you have to rely heavily on previous knowledge.
He's easily the pickiest teacher I've ever had the displeasure or taking. He grades harshly, and gives out lots of home works and quizzes. He is very rude when you ask too many questions. No extra credit and no curve. Good luck passing if you skip classes.
The worst teacher ive had, he expects you to learn from the book, and doesnt teach the material himself. his grading is unfair and unaccurate. his tests are test for students who are acc majors and not for people who are just taking the clss for requirements, they are extremely HARD, EXTREMELY HARD. if you take him,u WILL fail the class, TRUST ME.
Hardest class ever, You have to read the chapter and do the hw for that chapter before he even teaches it to you. He is very boring and appears to barely be alive. Make sure to bring a pillow and a blanket to class. You will need it!
I went to class every day! never skipped. Did all the home work. I still ended up with a D. He doe not explain the material very well. If you dont understand he doesnt know how to explain in any other way for you to understand. His exams are very tough. two 25 point quiz,1midterm,1paper, and a final. if you do bad on 1st 2 test you will get a D.
DO NOT EVER TAKE THIS CLASS. YOU WILL REGRET IT AND PROBABLY HATE YOUR LIFE. HIS CLASS WAS SO BORING. HIS LECTURES WERE INCOMPREHENSIBLE. I STUDIED FOR TWO HOURS BEFORE EACH ONLINE QUIZ/TEST AND STILL COULDN'T EVER GET ABOVE A C. TRUST ME... YOU'LL REGRET TAKING HIS CLASS. I DID.
This is the second time with him and whole different class. It is like his quizzes/tests are out to get you. He rewords things in a manner to confuse the student. Do not take if needed. He gets mad that people don't do the reading but he is actually reading out of the book for his lectures.
DO NOT TAKE HIM! he is extremely rude. Attending class is pointless yet he gets very upset when majority of students do not show. He needs to realize his lectures are useless he literally reads of the book you can do that at home.
Oswald is very old and has forgotten what it's like to be a student. He is careless about his students and extremely rude to anyone that has a question regarding the subject (he will make u feel stupid). His lectures are pointless you are better off reading the book. He doesn't even inform students where his office is located nor does he put it on
He doesn't actually teach in class. Everything is learned in lab. He wrote the textbook but it is not helpful in anyway. Tests are hard and the practice exams don't prepare you
He's "basically" a pretty decent guy, but his textbook is AWFUL. Especially if you haven't ever taken Physics before this course. If you can get out of taking this course I'd highly recommend it.
He coughs a lot and it can be distracting. He is a terrible teacher, especially when you come in with no experience. You will get open response questions online twice a week and they are very difficult. You teach yourself for most of the class.
Whatever you do, take this class with another professor. Never does any meaningful examples, never does anything that you would expect to see on a test, and he never stops correcting himself. Homework is difficult, but doable, but it has very little relevance to what is on the tests. This was by far the worse class I have ever taken at uark.
Very hard to understand. Down talks to the class and doesn't like to teach people who don't understand. He also doesn't like to answer questions. If it's in the book, he'll tell you to read the book and to not bother asking him. He is rude and arrogant. Also, if it's not in his notes, he doesn't get it. He stumbles over questions and examples.
terrible class, totally incomprehensible. funny teacher doesn't know how to teach though
please sack him, the worst class i have ever taken..stuiped lower division course... so much meaningless work, this guy needs to get a life who does he think he is mozart
I took BUS 202 and 242 with her at KVCC. She was probably one of the most unorganized professors I have Ever had. She didnt grade anything the entire semester but then made the last exam worth half our grade. She was unclear in her instructions all the time. Shed ask for suggestions on how to do things for those classes but didnt really want it.
She is very nice, and she cares about her students,but she isn't clear about her assignments. If you do something wrong, even though she didn't state it in the homework, than its too bad for you, because she will not give you a second chance. Nice person, but I wouldn't want to have her again as a teacher.
The worse instructor I ever had. She is rude unkind and treats you like a kid. she Don't care if you pass or not. Try to avoid taking this instructor. She also is very fake and try to give you the lowest grade possible if she can. she is a Big witch.
Mr. Johnson is not a good instructor at all. He talk down to students. (rude!)
Possibly the worst professor ever. Inconsistent, condesending, forgetful, rude, and wrong most of the time. He has no clue what today's business demands, and if you listen to him you will be fired very quickly. He is teaching a class that was relavent 28 years ago but has no relevence in todays marketplace.
If you don't think like him he will not give you a good grade. There is no use in debating with him, it's his way or no way. He's ignorant and has a big ego.
Avoid at all costs. I believe he is the only instructor teaching this course (which is mandatory) so most students are stuck with him. He is rude, takes forever to reply to messages, does not have an ounce of empathy, and literally does not teach a thing. You are 100% on your own to teach yourself mass media law. -100000000000/10. Do not recommend.
The actual worst professor I've ever had. A waste of the school's money and mine. Reach out for help and there is either no reply or a vague condescending answer. Thinks he is the most important person in the universe. Would have learned more if I sat home and stared at a wall for 16 weeks. Never take his class.
Worst online professor at CSUB!! Wont respond to emails or return your phone calls, only when he wants to. He makes you feel inferior as if your problems or circumstances are beneath him. Therefore, he does not give any help on retakes or hw assignments. Very unorganized and vague grader and person. Do NOT TAKE THIS GUY for an online class!
Worst Comm. Prof. at CSUB. Scattered Lectures, Changes assignments (a day before they are due) and makes lots of mistakes on exams and repeats questions. Alali will also mark down work for what he feels is bad grammar and also marked for misspelled words. Don't take this guy. He is not a good communicator when it comes to teaching his students.
Wish I had listened to the post of 12/10. DO NOT TAKE HIM FOR ONLINE! Your class will be a one-way dialogue...between you and the book. He does not teach nor offer guidance. Did not take advantage of 2 MAJOR comm. issues in the news (MGM v. Grokster) and a shield law case. Would go to another CSU campus before taking him again!
VERY VERY RUDE!!! Teaches like he is too good for this college. Teaches like you should already know the material. Lecture notes very difficult to follow. Teaches from an old book, so don't bother with the newer one! NEVER stays in lab, so if you have questions, ask them before he walks out or you're out of luck.
NO NO NO whatever you do don't take this teacher for BIO. Oh my goodness you will probabaly be suicidial when you are done, if you make it. He is hard, he don't care and he needs to retire. HARD HARD HARD!
HE IS A HORRIBLE TEACHER! HE OFFERS NO HELP AT ALL! HE IS THE TYPE OF TEACHER THAT IS JUST IN THERE FOR A PAYCHECK!
I absolutely hate this woman. She is a very dry person and her lectures are boring. You must attend class or she will drop your letter grade. She doesn't tell you what is on the tests and she pulls out obscure crap for the tests. She has no heart!
If you are not a good test taker dont take this class tests are true or false only. A lot of reading but interesting subject. He's tests are extremly difficult and hard to get even if you work super hard. Is not helpful at all even though he thinks he is... he just makes you feel stupid for not knowing stuff he has taught. Dont take this class
Worst teacher I've ever had. The way he set up this class is ridiculous! Its his first class of 500 and its obvious. The structure of the class is not functional or based at all on the student's learning of actual concepts. Ive learned everything from my TA and nothing from him. Were not even allowed to recieve help from him or the TA.Miserable
If you have to take this class make sure you study the tests he gives back, many questions are repeat but different form. Personally hated this class. Clanton is egotistical, boring, and deliberately confusing. Also spend time on revising the 1pg paper
Grade is counted on 3 exams that are 12 questions each with no cheat sheet, so if you miss one, it impacts your grade. I barely passed even though I read the book and did all the homework. Doesn't go through homework problems. Handwriting is illegible on the board and forgets stuff. Doesn't give plusses or minuses for the grade. DO NOT TAKE!
Please dont ever take him. You wont understand a thing in his lecture and he sure did screw up my exams. He is the worst finance teacher that you could get at SFSU. Trust me!
The WORST teacher I have ever had. She makes simple math seem impossible. Her goal is to make you feel stupid. She presents information in the beginning of class and then quizzes you on it. My grandpa died and I had to go home (6 hrs away) for the funeral. She would not let me take a 20pt quiz early or make it up. VERY UNREASONABLE!
Does not care about her students.
She is a hard grader, there where times when i would get the problems right but still not get credit because they were not done the way she wanted, too picky of a grader. goes way to fast, makes the class way harder than it should be , not good at explaining things. she is the worst prof. i have ever had when it comes to explaining things. get out
Gabbins is absolutely the worst professor I have had at JMU. Not helpful at all when you ask questions. More than 1/3 of the class dropped and he said it happens every year(not something I would be proud of). He is also the only 241 professor that does not do multiple choice tests. He hands you a few pieces of paper and a question. Just awful.
HARDEST class I have ever taken. Spent nearly $300 on a tutor for the semester because he is so unwilling to help. He is also extremely intimidating. But I can't say that I didn't learn anything. He knows the material but expects us to be masters at it because he's an upper level teacher. Unfortunately, I am having to retake the class.
Terrible teacher. Doesn't explain anything and won't help if you ask for it. If you're not an accounting major, you're very likely to fail his class because he wastes all of class and talks about how you need to study instead of teaching the material.
I can't even express how awful he is. My whole group failed. If you can take anyone else - anyone else AT ALL - do it.
I just dont like him. I find him to be very rude. He's a smart guy and he expects that we already know this stuff. If you are in his class be prepared to rely on the textbook because thats the only thing teaching you
He does not care about any of his students or if they pass or fail. When you go to his office he will talk down to you as if you are a waste of space. Take someone else.
Horrible horrible prof... doesnt teach, has a huge attitude about everything, donsnt care if we learn or not, worthless in his office hours, rude, unfriendly, unclear about what he expects on projects, then grades them extra harshly... impossible tests... seriously take anyone else!!!
One of the hardest profs I've ever had. For the first 15mins of class he takes about random stuff..not the subject he is teaching. He acts like he is cool & that all the students like him. His teaching style is: standing in front of the room lecturing about history. If you hate hist & you know you're not good at it, please take someone else!!
Oh my...this lady is absolutely terrible. She doesn't respect anyone elses opinions unless they match hers. DO NOT EVER TAKE HER! Trust me on that one. If you must, take the class credit/no credit. You will thank me for that later.
Obviously, you don't know how much work I put into it to get an E!
