Class is based more on the Java language than OOP. Test questions are extremely specific, so to get a decent test grade, you have to study *everything*. Luckily she offers a study guide and her notes are online, so the book is mostly supplimental. Programs aren't too bad, but she's a hard grader. An unusually high rate of failure for this class.
I took calculus before so the class wasn't as hard however, his tests are only 10 problems usually and each is worth a ton and he doesn't give partial credit usually so you have to exact. No calculators for his class and random quizzes in class from time to time. Hw is easy all done on an online program no effort, will you learn calculus, maybe.
AVOID HER IF AT ALL POSSIBLE...painfully boring lectures that prove of little use for the exams. it's a mystery where her test questions come from, but she is a nice lady. too bad nice doesnt get you an A...
Amazing lecturer, mkaes you think, approaches every topic from every angle, but be wary of his tests. He may look for something specific, ask it in a convoluted way, and give 0 on a 25 pt question, no matter how much you know if you don't hit a tiny poin
This class is really dumb and easy. The grading system seems hard but he is very generous with points. Half the class didn't take the final because he said it couldn't hurt your grade and we already had A's.
The material for this class is hard. No matter who you take it with, you will want to rip your hair out, but I suggest taking it with Bellamy. He is brilliant and incredibly fair. Homework is harder than the exam. He gives you definitions and formulas during the exam. Unique grading scale but it can work in your favor.
not the best at explaining the material, but it's honestly not bad. Exam problems are much easier than homework problems and the discussion/TA helps a lot.
pretty tough course but he's a good guy. horrible grading scale though-takes the lowest of your homework grade and your test grade. I had a 96% average on tests but had only 28 homework problems correct when i needed 30, so I got a B.
Hard class but if you took AP Bio you are set. Be prepared to teach yourself after each lecture. You have to knit together bits and pieces of her lecture and make connections she doesn't point out in class. Tests were easy for me but very hard for others. She gives practice tests but you really need to understand the material thoroughly.
AP Bio saved my butt for this class. The content is rather difficult and so are her exams. There were some ugly multiple choice questions! She has the information that you need, but you need to go to her to get it.
He is so funny. You need to go to class because his textbook doesn't have all the information, and go to the review sessions! He's good to go to in his office hours as are his very helpful TAs. The problem sets get easier with time but his exams get harder and harder, especially the final, but he scales them weirdly. Not hard to pass, but a hard A.
Its a very easy class. Just study before the night of the exam and you will be fine. He has practice exams and studying review guides which are very helpful. Class is extremely boring, you will fall asleep a lot be prepared
tough grader on the essays. powerpoint slides are vague so you need to go to class to get everything. ridiculous amount of reading. 2 novels and 2 textbooks. he helped write one of the textbooks so you can imagine just how much reading there is
This class is pathetic. Over a 100 average after 2 exams? Please.
Class is pretty damn boring. I never went to class BUT i READ the entire book (it sucked the life outta me) and made my own notes. If you think your an above average or an excellent student take this course because its based on two exams which are graded on a z-score curve.
No matter who you take 1. MGT 366 is a hard class 2. There's no easy A. Putting aside she makes you feel dumb, there are good things about her class. She gives a lot of extra credit, tells you exactly what math problems will be on the exam (crucial, some teachers dont) and gives you a "help sheet" on exams. She makes sure you know the material tho.
Seems nice in class, but wait 'til you get exam back. Doesn't teach; powerpoint
nice guy, decent teacher, class kind of boring
His tests were hard, his class really didn't help at all. Doing the homework and studying is how to get a good grade. You basically have to learn it yourself. The curve is amazing so hope you do okay and everyone else bombs and you will be fine.
Bailey is a good teacher, she moves through things very fast. Very open with her office hours and if you take this class as an SLA it's extremely helpful and I recommend it! The SLA teacher gives you all of the questions of the exams and quizzes before hand. Bailey has a surprise quiz every thursday, usually pretty easy.
If you can get a different prof, do it. She's not bad, but she doesn't seem to care about math and isn't very good at teaching it. The exams and quizes were easy, but sometimes in class you'll have no idea what's going on.
She is nice outta class, but really horrible at explaining the work. I don't recommend her at all!
She is an alright prof, but she can be very sassy to the students she does't like. Make sure to take good notes because she makes you feel stupid when you ask questions
She is not too bad. Make sure you attend class everyday; she assigns random quizzes and randomly collects homework.
Hope you like to listen to him laughing at his own jokes. Thats all the class is
Mr. Buckridge is a great teacher who is very passionate about what he teaches. Tips for his class: 1. DO NOT hand write your notes, he talks a lot and fast. 2. participate in class, he does grade you based on participation 3. create a short & simple study guide before each quiz and you'll get an easy A 4. he will tell you need the book, you don't
Professor Zeman makes it clear what info you needed to know and what you don't. She goes very fast and assumes everyone takes notes on the powerpoint. I dealt with a family emergency and reached out to her and her response was very rude. Overall, she explains the concepts fairy well and offers a lot of extra credit, but can also be kind of rude.
She is a good prof. I would recommend her, she is one of the better ones for BIO 120. IT IS A HARD CLASS! Compared to other people I have talked to taking BIO 120 she is one of the better ones. Makes lectures fun and is more than willing to help if you need it! She also gives a ton of extra credit which is helpful in a class like this!
Easy class for your science lecture. Zeman is a good teacher and is really smart. She marks you down on lots of stuff but that participation grade helps at the end. Good teacher, interesting class.
Bio was a hard class but Professor Zeman really helped to make everything as understandable as possible. She gives a pretty good amount of extra credit on the tests but you have to show up to class to receive the points. I highly recommend her!
She was relatively easy, and i managed to get a C+ while only going to class about half the time.
Hard prof, the key to her class is ask ???'s and you'll do fine
tough, but I learned twice as much in lab as in the lecture
He's a really nice person, and is really smart, but his class was really difficult for me. There was a fair amount of homework and a quiz every week, just make sure you do the homework! The quiz points add up fast, so start off right. His final exam was impossible though.
Great Professor! She's been teaching at GVSU forever and is very passionate about Genetics. Her exams and quizzes are not too difficult, if you study her notes. Write down everything she says, whether it seems relevant at the time or not. She has a lot of office hours and is willing to meet with students. I'd recommend her!
she makes lecture interesting, but quizzes are hard.She changes content slight each semester, so the past quizzes and exams she posts for study purposes are useless.Powerpoints are a MAJOR part of quizzes and exams so attendance is a must.If you go to class and understand the topics you will do fine.Book is a nice resource, but it is not required
A VERY hard course, but a great prof. The material is very interesting, on the flip side the exams and quizzes are very tricky...study a lot and attend class and you will do fine.
Read the chapters and you will be fine.....can skip as often as needed!!
UNCLESO UNCLEAR!!!! This guy doesn’t know what he wants. Material so dry, needs to spice it up. Slow class, although we never went the whole time (1:00-2:15), which was nice. 3 tests (they suck, study guides help) and keeps attendance buy opinion quizzes for 100 pts total.
Recently started teaching 322 and he has no idea what he is doing. Knows his stuff, but doesn't convey the information well to the students. You will end up doing well in the class, but you won't learn a thing and will struggle in 422.
Didnt open my book for the first half of the class. Watch out for his multiple choice questions because you really need to know your stuff to answer them correctly. Good guy but i feel like his tests are trying to trick you which is not to cool.
Very nice, BUT tests are VERY HARD! Study a lot, tests directly from book.
OK! People, heed this advice--> GO TO CLASS AND BE ON-TIME! if you aren't on-time then don't forget to sign the sign-in sheet!Your overall grade will drop a full letter if you miss more than 2 classes. Also, take notes...lots of notes. The book wasn't really used in class, but it helps when you are studying for tests.
She wants her students to do well and she is wiling to help, if you brave the trip to her office. Her character is out of this world and she loves werid pens. Make sure you read the book throughly. That's all her tests are from. Watch out for the essays!
If you can come to terms with the fact he will never stop saying "am I makin sense?" or "fair enough?" you will be fine. Come to class and participate. THAT is what your grade is based on. Talk to him out of class and you'll score yourself at least a B regardless of what you get on tests and papers!!!
okay... if you write down exactly what he says, and specifically ask what he is trying to say, then you have what you need on the exam. Yes he is very one sided, but if you agree with him, then you are all set. Make sure you talk to him once and a while outside of class, and give him feed back. trust me. he likes feedback! I would recommend him!
You never know where you stand in the class, you never get assignments back.
I really respected Professor Matchett, and I found his lectures extremely funny at times, but I did feel like his lectures were very rushed. He's a very knowledgable man, but it felt that his vast knowledge of chemistry made it difficult for him to see from an almost beginning chemistry student's perspective.
Swift is a tough teacher and is hard to please, but she really knows her stuff! The two projects were a great way to learn the material step by step.. Unfortunately, there were parts that were lacking direction on what to do next. She expects a LOT from her students and I felt unprepared at first. You have to work very hard to get a good grade.
hard tests, law vocab. hard to understand but overall learned a lot from Swift
Not the easiest Professor by far. He's test are very difficult and the only thing to study from is the outline and the notes you take in class along with the reading. However he is very interesting and has lots of good examples.
not that hard of a class, little boring, but not bad
Walked away with a B. I didn't do a single assignment. I did well on the 6 tests, and made sure to participate in class. I wouldn't recommend this professor to my worst enemy. The tests were unbelievably difficult, and quizzes were graded (in my opinion) far too strictly.
I actually liked professor burg. he talks a lot. but he is super nice and is willing to help if you need it. the class is hard because there are a ton of lab reports but he will let you turn them in early and make corrections to them so when you turn in the final lab report there is no reason you shouldn't get an A. i would recommend him.
If you are taking BMS 290 because you want to be a doctor/PA/Dentist or whatever in the medical field take Dr. Burg. He prepares you for what is to come. He doesn't let those that cram and spit it out on the exam only to forget about it succeed. Learned/taught myself a lot in this class. Highly recommend
Not as bad as you hear. I was worried after reading these comments, but tests were not bad at all if you can master the notes. Lecture on the other hand is quite hard to follow....he goes off on tangents sometimes. He's a good guy, a little different, but not a bad professor at all. I had 100% going into the final...he gives extra credit!
Boring! Talks about how much work he has to do and how far behind he is. Always last class that he grades assignments for. If you memorize the material you will do fine on the two test. One group project that spans the semsters culminating in prest. and research paper. Graded with critical eye!
Very unusual and boring. But first two tests go down like butter, if you dont get lazy on the last two you will be fine. Staying awake hardest task in this class, does complain about grading, but I don't know why people complain about it, ignore, ignore. Great for lab though.
Not a very good prof... but he's very willing to help students who want help.
Such an easy A!!! On the final he asks you what grade you deserve and just hype yourself up and he'll give it to you! Not an interesting class at all but cant complain because it was so easy!
Don't let eveyone's opinion scare you. I learned more in this class than I imagined I could gain in one semester. Get ready to be on your toes...but if you really want to learn spanish, I recommend him, not recommended for slackers.
good teacher, get on his good side or you will be SOL
good guy.. interesting.. funny. lectures not too bad. but in my opinion, the class lacked structure. sometimes his lectures are all over the place and i didn't know what to focus on. pretty easy class.. but if you like structure.. definetly don't take him
G'Day Mate! This class is interesting because you get to work out in the community. I liked his style, but things seemed to pile on at the end of the semester. Take good notes and your assignments will be much easier. Overall, Rich is a good guy and is an interesting professor.
Attend class. Imperative. Great teacher, very smart. Extra credit available, rewrites on tests. I learned a lot, totally enjoyed the class.
Prof. Estrada is a really nice guy, he tries to crack dry jokes sometimes. However, he has a heavy Columbian accent which makes it kind of tough and boring to focus during lectures. However, he is very intent on teaching his students things that they can put to use in real life, like the night sky and such. Nice guy, just tough to stay awake.
Hes a great guy and is very knowledgeable about astronomy. His accent is a little hard to understand and hes a little softspoken but if you listen up hes a good prof
Really nice, knowledgable professor. A little bit hard to understand, but if you can't make out what he said just ask him to repeat it--he won't be offended. Tests and in-class assignments are the only grades, definitely study for the tests. Doesn't take attendance. Read the chapters twice before the tests and take notes, it will help a lot.
If you're willing to learn, he'll teach you, otherwise, stop complaining!
There are quizzes every week based on what you went over that week. Overall, the class isn't difficult you just have to put the effort in and make sure you're paying attention and following up with the readings.
the class material wasn't easy, but it was interesting so it didn't seem as hard. he is a pretty straight forward professor. he adds some dry humor into his lectures too lol. there's a weekly 5 question quiz, those are easy. the two exams were more difficult than expected, but not terrible.
I found his lectures very interesting, but tests were worded hard to trick you. Grades were only 12 five point POP quizzes, midterm, and final. He drops the two lowest quizzes but still. You have to read the book bc he does quizzes either at beginning or end of class. He doesn't care to learn your name, and there are probs easier profs out there.
Definitely one of the toughest graders I have ever had. Myself, as well as a number of my classmates who are very good writers (and have receieved above avg. grades on papers in other classes)receive less than satisfactory scores on the papers for this class, which is really discouraging. Make sure you do the reqadings bc there are pop-quizes.
The class is very tough. Dr. Reynolds is a very understanding prof and will help whenever you need it. His tests are really difficult (avg. class grade between 50 and 60). He is all over the place in lecture and has no presentations to keep him organized. He knows the material so well he often takes shortcuts that don't make sense to students.
I was really looking forward to this class before taking it, but I was greatly disappointed at his approach. It was more of a general physics class rather than astronomy, he took a very boring approach, and most of the stuff we talked about was related to geology or math rather than astronomy. He's a nice guy, but this was a huge disappointment.
He doesnt make you do the tutorials in the book. Easy class. Lectures are boring and worthless because test comes OUT OF THE BOOK. The lab is the only time you actually have to do assignments though. Easy class!
Not a difficult class if you study the notes she gives you. Her exams are almost straight off of the notes. She tends to stick to her opinion, and don't raise your hand to ask a question or voice an opinion. There is a good chance she will ridicule you.
Very nice but very frustrating when you need to ask questions/in her grading
Not a hard class, especially if you look at cribs and study for the exams.
I was entertained by his lectures, and he usually got the class to laugh a few times. However, he was not the best at explaining the course material. I had covered nearly all the material in high school, so I did not find the course too difficult. I did feel intimidated to ask questions in class, but I felt comfortable visiting during office hours.
Might come off as kind of a B at first, but it got better as the semester went on. Seems like no one did good on any of the tests or quizzes, but she curved everything in the end. If you take this class post-2008, you might be driven crazy because the VM Ware totally screws everything up when you go in lab and try to save/send things.
It's a pretty easy class. Basically self taught. Do labs outside of class because you can't finish them in class. Tests are easy if you study; 5pt quiz every week on upcoming chapter. READ and they will give you easy points.
As far as teaching the classics go, Levitan is great. He's funny, smart, and knows the material front to back. He explains things in a different way to help students better understand and get involved. This class was difficult, quizzes and tests called for specifics, but if you're interested in the classics, Levitan's your guy.
I don't mind the work, but I dislike being forced to do something that I would rather not do. He's extremely ill-tempered and he yells all the time. Very unhelpful, but clear on what HE wants. He doesn't bother asking any students what they want. Get far away...
it's not a real hard class but it's boring because he really does talk the whole time and he blabs a lot. nice guy though. read the assignments and you'll pass the quizzes, he usually does pass/fail. midterm was pretty rough because he doesn't go much in class.
Not a great teacher
very nice guy but very confused and hard to understand his accent
Prof Haidar expects a lot of work out of his students but it's understandable for a tough concept like differential equations. He grades hard but he curves hard as well on exams. His class policies were great in making a tough course workable. ALWAYS PARTICIPATE IN CLASS FOR BONUS POINTS.
The class seems confusing at first and yes it remains confusing, but he really does try to help and wants you to do well. I'm not that smart and I didn't even try, and I still pulled off a B- (I honestly don't know how) But really he is definitely better than his rating on here.
Nice guy, not a good group teacher. Good one on one. See him outside of class.
If you are prepared to write a ton of papers then this is the class for you! She is not an extremely difficult grader. Lots of reading and be ready for some discussion. Pretty boring class! Good luch keeping up with the work load!
Prof is super nice but not a good teacher. Lectures are just reading from the slides (boring) and impromptu group projects every week. Exams are tough and not well written. However her grading isn't the worst I've seen. Good luck trying to get an A
Professor Danko knows what she is talking about, but her methods compared to other professors' are over-complicated. If you excel in math by doing handwritten assignments, then good luck because this is all online based and the notes don't help as much as they should. I found statistics to be far easier than accounting and it shouldn't be.
shes a fun professor and a very nice person, but the class would be very difficult if i hadn't taken accounting in high school
Professor White is a very tough professor when it comes to grading. She's not afraid to tell you that your paper is terrible and needs to be redone. She's more than happy to assist you with your paper if you're struggling but you have to ask! I would take her again for another course, and suggest you take her.
Fun Italian man...makes lectures as fun as they can get, I guess. Take home tests...if you miss less than 2 classes, you don't have to take the final! Overall, a pretty good prof!
She's a nice lady who is always willing to help, but the lectures are repetitive and extremely boring. The tests are not fair at all. She creates them out of reading and study guides that she provides before hand, but I completed every single one and studied for 8+ hours for each test and still didn't get one A. They are ridiculous.
Good teacher, but test and quizzes are very very hard (no matter how long you study, you will still question your grade)
Copenhaver is a great teacher! He's extremely difficult though. I had to have a lot of 1 on 1 time with him so he could re explain the material to me. However, he totally respected me for doing this. So that's highly recommended. He also doesn't pick on you as much if you see him for help. See him before seeing a tutor so you know what he wants.
Music Theory I& II move very fast and if you don't come in for extra help with Doc Copenhaver, you WILL fall behind as I did. Part of the reason I burnt out on Mus Ed cause I couldn't keep up with theory or him. Great cellist though and personable guy outside of class.
Show up to class every day on time.
Prof. Jinn is a very nice guy and has an interesting sense of humor. He uses relevant examples in his lectures , he loves when you ask questions and is always willing to help. My only problem was that I'm not very good at math so it was hard for me to maintain a B. The tests were a little hard to understand but overall, he's pretty good.
pretty funny, though sometimes hard to understand
Prof. Jinn is a great guy. Really funny and he learns and remembers everyone's names. He is good at teaching this subject. This class is one I dreaded taking and I wound up liking to go to it because of the fun stories and atmosphere. Love him!
Very nice, but hard to follow sometimes.
Very good at being available to help students. He doesn't hand it to you, you need to work hard for your grade, meet with him, do the readings and pay attention in class. I saw my writing skills increase over the course of his class where I didnt feel I learned too much
The best history professor you can find. He makes history interesting and he's a very charming and funny guy. Definitely take him if you aren't a fan of HST, but need it for Gen Eds.
Tripp is a nice and funny guy. He cares about his students and loves teaching. His class was rather boring and often we didn?t talk about the readings or it seemed as if we focused on random parts and not the main theme or point of the readings. He was a very nice guy but definitely would have rather not taken this class.
Great class, hard you really have to work. But he's so funny and easy going. I love the way the class is run.
Her lectures are full of content so make sure you always go to class and take lots of notes. It helps to go over notes right after your class and read the chapter in the book to clarify content from lecture. She doesn't go very in depth on concepts in class so make sure to ask questions or go to her office hours if you need extra help.
Studying is a must with this class. She can fit a lot of info into one lecture, so I'd recommend taking them on your computer. The way you'll be taking notes is copying what you see her writing on a small whiteboard projected on a screen. Always show up to lecture so you can get the extra credit points -- they're worth a lot on exams.
Simon's lectures are thorough and detailed. She covers everything you need to know for lectures. The textbook helps for review. Gives SO MANY chances for extra credit. Lectures can be overwhelming but a lot of it is stuff that doesn't end up on the exams anyways. Online quizzes are tough.
you need to be there to pass, lectures are very detailed so take good notes!
Prof Simon seemed to be a little all over the place some days. Her exams are a bit tough but she does give extra credit on them if you do all your in class worksheets leading up to the exam. I would suggest getting a tutor simply to go over main ideas and have concepts drawn out because she simply tells you how things work and doesn't show you.
Professor Simon generally wants her class to do well, but she is tuff. She gives you alot of info in the notes and for the homework and all the test it is very applied learning questions which really suck. I would say the genetics test is the hardest. You won't find the answers in the notes. Study alot and go to class.
She's a nice person, but her lectures can get really boring. She wants you to write down every word she says. Quizzes are pretty easy, but exams are really hard. It's multiple choice, but not a b c d. It's a b c d e f g. Always tricky questions. I think you can get a good grade if you're willing to study at least every day.
I had her for BIO375 and BIO215 lab, and she was much better as a BIO375 prof. Picky grader, but clearly explains what you need to do and will help out if you're having trouble collecting data.
His tests are based on your memory. You need to memorize everything is required. Average teacher.
Good teacher, just boring material
Dr Whipps can be a little difficult to hear as she speaks softly but her words carry a lot of weight. Assignments every week lots of classroom group interaction, if you are shy you will need to get over it because you will be talking to classmates often. Take Lib 301 BEFORE you take lib495 and start working on your research paper.
Pestana is hilarious and makes class interesting. But, he's super disorganized and you'll only be able to read the first two letters of every word he writes. Very knowledgeable and I learned more than I thought I would. Tests are essays. Pay attention and write some stuff down and you'll be golden. He's super passionate about philosophy too.
The Unabomber beard owns me, even though his amusing facial expressions are no longer visible. He's Jerry Seinfeld in Woody Allen's body with the fashion sense of a 1984 geometry teacher. He's brilliant, and he just can't dumb it down for the masses.
Notes are very messy. Only exams and quizzes. Don't know what he wants.
If you are looking for an easy A, this class is it. There were 3 papers we had to write, he says at the beginning that there are 5 but he pushes dates back and you only get through the first 3. If you meet the requirements on them and try just a little bit you will pass with most likely an A.
I loved Dr. Soljan as a person, but I hated being in his class. I dreaded going to class because it was so unstructured and hard to follow what was going on. The only grades were 3 papers that everyone seemed to get an A on, which was nice, but I do not feel like I have learned anything about mythology overall. Class was not worth my time or money.
He was a nice guy, but as a professor, he's a bit all over the place. Typical lectures included the philosophy of life and other things not at all related to the play we were currently reading or the upcoming paper. All in all, an easy class and a fairly easy prof as long as you can write decent papers.
Soljan has a simple format. You write essays and talk in class. Those are your grades. You will probably get one or two essays back (around midterm). He is late for class every day, and all due dates will be endlessly pushed back. He is super nice.
Very smart. He knows his stuff. It takes him FOREVER to return papers
Professor Cole has extremely long and boring lectures. He doesn't use a powerpoint or outline or anything so it's really hard to follow. He writes occasional words on the board and expects you to understand. It's hard to stay awake, let alone learn anything. He doesn't expect too much though - just a few papers. Fairly easy - just boring.
I honestly loved professor Cole. Now that I think about it, I am really going to miss going to his class. I really didn't like history before hand but his crazy stories and drawings really helped me remember the material. The bean quizzes can be difficult, but if you say there was a problem with blackboard you can basically get away with anything.
Prof. Cole is a very entertaining professor. The class sessions were full of information and seemed to go by quickly. The only assignments for the class were the readings and four papers, which were graded on a five point scale. I found him to be a very generous grader and thought that it was not difficult to get an A in the class.
Dr. Blumreich is an expert in Anglo-Saxon and Medieval literature. If you want to be challenged and expand your knowledge of English literature, take this course with her. Expect to read A LOT. You move from text to text fairly quickly. I recommend her especially to LGBTQ+ students, as she does not tolerate homo/trans/biphobia of any sort.
Nice lady, but she's too caught up in the fact that she wrote two books.
You must go to class and take your own notes. Straight lectures (which can get kind of boring), no notes given. Hard to bring up your grade because it is based only on the 4 exams, final and lab. Very nice man though.
read book, get an A.. lecture not important...
Have a good backround in Chemistry before taking this class. Hard and confusing
TOTALLY FRUSTRATING SEMESTER. A lot of our class time got spent on departmental drama and issues that have NOTHING to do with Russian grammar. No standards; all tests and quizzes were take-home, homework finally got returned week before finals. Despite my best efforts, my Russian got worse. I'll pass on 202, thanks.
He is a good guy who tries to give extra credit. Test questions look like they were written on a gogle docs app on his phone. Too much material for each test and overall lecture is just extremely boring he talks waaayyyyy tooooo mucchhhhh.
Shakespeare - I thought it was really tough and that her exams were unfair, but if you can manage to make it to her office hours, she's super helpful, and her lectures were always very entertaining and fun
She seems really mean but she's actually really nice and she's cool. She will rip apart your care plans and EBP's if you don't follow every single little step. She doesn't provide clear instructions on the Care Plan but students do tend understand they made silly mistakes when they get them back. Out of all my classes this is the only less than 94%
Perfect if you just need to take one computer science course, if not then I wouldn't recommend. Maybe a total of three assignments where you actually have to write code. Midterm was multiple choice and pretty easy. If you genuinely want to learn to code don't take this professor.
if (you are a programmer true) take a different prof; else (you are a programmer false) take kotman, he is easier than the others and helps a lot; Kotman can be confusing sometimes but he goes above and beyond to help outside of the classroom. I think too many majors have to take java. HE is your guy if you are not CS major
knows his stuff, is understanding and easy
Nice guy yes, but I went through the whole class without learning anything
The lectures are extremely helpful and clear. I attended every one and barely needed to study for the tests. The discussions are a waste of time generally, although thats where attendance is taken. My TA (Lan Kim) was more frustrating than helpful. There is a ton of extra credit. 2 tests total but most of the grade is from homework.
Oh so boring. I slept and read a few extra books throughout lectures. I thought he was unqualified at the beginning of the class; but he seems to know his stuff. Lectures are boring. I'm sure part of it was the material this class covers, but he could have done more with it. Did I mention his lectures are boring? Well they are. Very much so.
Really nice person and a good professor but I do not recommend this class. Multiple choice exams in a philosophy class are very confusing and I don't think it's fair in such a gray subject. Not much work but not an easy class by any means.
She definitely wasn't easy. Her lectures can be confusing because she explains everything in more words than needed. It sucked that tests were only 30 MC questions, which made it harder to get an A. The material itself is confusing to understand. I didn't think that it was an easy A.
I didn't like her. She always came late to class and then held us late. Picked favorites and told all these inside jokes with them.
likes to run around in class, but is there a God? must take class for answer
I am a very good student and this class was hard for me. Tests are super hard, and she does not offer any extra points. I loved her as a teacher but struggled in this class with the exams... if you dont do good on the exams drop the class. she does offer study guides but even those dont really help much.
Nice professor,very helpful...just bad at explaining things. She seems to think we're all psy experts and flies through things. She will explain if you ask but it doesn't make much sense. First paper was easy, second was very ocnfusing. Take her but make sure you ask a lot of questions/go to her office hours.
Professor Hewitt is hard to follow at times, and her assignments can be unclear. She is very funny. She's worth taking for the honors sequence because her partner Montagna is awesome.
Fun prof. A bit zany, but she knows her stuff. Always back your arguments up with quotes from the book. And if you love Flannery O'Connor, this is definitely the place for you. She's very nice and helpful. I really liked her.
I don't know if I got stuck with a different Dianne but I don't agree with the rest of you. She's probably one of the most dull teachers I've ever had. I find it hard to pay attention and not fall asleep in her class because we the exact same thing everyday. The class is easy but she needs to work on getting the class more involved.
Easy class! Do extra credit and you will get an A. Grade point booster if you need it.
So.. if you are someone like me who has test anxiety, do not take him. The class is 3 exams, 3 or 4 quizzes and one assignment. He was a great prof but his lecture style did not work for me and i struggled in this course. I went to almost every class (missed 1) and read the book and barely managed to get a C. if you are not like me, i recommend him
His tests are harsh....20 pts...10-11 questions....30 percent of your grade. Don't mess up on one. It'll screw up your grade. Class is sometimes hard to pay attention. But he knows his stuff and tries to incorporate various websites into it.
Decent enough. Will help if you ask questions. Knows what she's talking about.
very funny, learn to love her, tests are hard, but fair, do the homework though
Do NOT like her. I don't like how she thinks she is always right in everything. The sketchbook idea was ridicolous. I don't see the importance of it. I didn't learn anything about it. She is so disorganzied. i hated going to class and hardly went cause it was so dumb to go.
Totally easy...no tests. Just make sure you participate and do the projects.
Her class was fairly easy, and I got a good grade, but I could hardly stand the class. She's very opinionated, and doesn't keep anything to herself. Too much time was spent listening to her view on everything, and for that reason I don't feel I really learned much about speech.
This class is pretty fast paced and requires you to stay on top of your game. You have lab and lecture and a test in both for each unit you cover. I've gotten anywhere from c's to d's on those but I'm still ending the semester with a B so you have a lot of other assignments to balance the grades out. Work hard from day one and you'll do just fine.
I thought this class easy as long as you study and complete the assignment exercises you will do fine. I never really used one of the books. There are A LOT!! of test that you need to take so you need to dedicate time to it. Practice exercises are timed but you can take as many times as you like. Test are timed and can only take once!
Great class. Just be sure to do the hw & study it for the test & you'll do great. I learned a lot & had fun. Recommended.
Prof Malaret is a really great guy who always makes class fun and easygoing. He is very laid back, and his class is pretty chill. He grades pretty easily as long as he can tell you put effort into the assignment. Lectures are lengthy and attendance is required to pass. Extra credit is offered if you have good attendance.
Professor Malaret is a very nice guy and he is really caring towards his students, and you can really tell that he enjoys his job a lot. But, he just stands up front and rants about things that don't really pertain to the course and it can get really boring. I would just download the powerpoints for class and then take notes out of the book.
Dennis is a great guy, but I didnt really like his class as much as I thought I would. The tests have material that wasnt in the lecture & wasnt in the book. He expects you to go in having descent background knowledge of the topics.
Malaret is overall not a hard professor. However he is a very opinionated cry baby who will only see things his way. Basically, if you tell him what he wants to hear you will do ok.
The teacher was very opinionated. Class was very one sided. Tests were easy if you read the book. Took forever to get grades and assignments back.
Nice guy, but class is kind of redundant. Must read for exams!
Hardest class I've ever taken but Groh is always helpful at office hours and makes sure you know what you need to know for the tests and problem sets. 4 problem sets which take forever to complete but otherwise no homework
This class is hard as balls but Groh is a nice prof. Wish she would explained certain things better but overall I'm happy with her.
A bit hard to follow at times, fine otherwise.
Poison Ivy: she seems so nice, but she doesn't adequately prepare you for tests.
Clicker every class. Tests are super easy but the labs and programs are more difficult. Not a bad class.
He gives good feedback via email but sometimes takes a little while to answer. he does genuinely care about his students. The setup of BB was confusing. Tests are mc and essays. There's also a group project and some quizzes. You definitely have to put in your best effort to the class, but it wasn't super difficult. He is such a kind-hearted guy!
This class was pretty darn hard for me. I liked Prof. King as a person, but didn't really like his teaching style. The classes weren't very organized, and almost the entire class failed the first exam! He is a very friendly guy though, and is always willing to help if you need it. The group project is also pretty annoying.
His attendance policy is crap! He starts class promptly on time, and he allows 3 tardies. After those tardies are used, each tardy (whether 30 seconds or 30 minutes) counts as an absence. If you like to do lots of work, and enjoy difficult exams, take him. Otherwise, stay away.
There is no mandatory Homework in his class, Your grade is bases solely on your performance on tests and quizzes. His class is extremely easy especially if you took AP calculus in High school. You definitely need to do well on exams to get an A but other than that, he is always available to reschedule office hours and they help a lot.
She talks A LOT but my class was only once a week so I managed to deal. Tests arent hard, big paper due that takes up the whole semester because you have to interview someone. Overall, fun class and she really knows her stuff.
STOP LISTENING TO THESE PEOPLE AND JUDGE YOURSELF. She is weird but tests come from notes in class, her games are fun and speakers are interesting, everyone has theor faults but I hate to read and I got a B. Tests are from readings and movies only,when you come in and go over readings those are the questions on the test. Ths ques. are on test!!!
You need to watch the extremely long lectures to pass the class. The quiz questions are so specific to the lectures. One of the worst online classes I have taken.
Honestly, I received ridiculously low grades on all my papers. Which is amazing considering I got As in all three of my writing classes taken at SDSU. Turns out the TA was grading my papers and was extremely critical of grammar instead of content. A lot of work for an 100 level class. Not the worst class, but not the best.
at first, i thought this class was going to be really difficult because i saw the syllabus, but you just have to get use to his system. The exams are easy and it's common sense. He's also an easy grader or his ta's are. His lectures are boring though.
class is hard, lots of work, but you do learn, kind of
Learned a lot from her class through reading, attendance, and participation, but in my experience her grading's based more on your ability to agree with her. Friends of mine who didn't read and did things last minute got a higher grade than I did. If you want to express your own ideas and don't want to kiss up to her, you probably won't get an A.
Overall I like her as a professor. She expects people to read the assigned articles, and if you do you'll do well. There's a guest speaker every class so if you miss a day you'll be behind. She was very accommodating when I needed to meet with her but I admit she is kind of intimidating. She's really not shy to tell you you misunderstand something.
A no-nonsense instructor who made the potentially boring topic somewhat fun and interesting. Good sense of humor and extremely knowledgeable. She doesn't baby you though, and you MUST come to class to do well.
I have never enjoyed a class as much as I have enjoyed this one with James. He is very passionate and just a cute old man < 3LOVE IT!
Barry is a good guy-tries to be too inspirational. Do HW and do it well b/c counts a ton of your grade. Each exam is like 9% so not much of your grade. He gives a ton of extra credit! HW once a week. Do well on your labs. 3 exams and one final (was optional my year). Lectures are boring but its physics. He gives a practice exam before each exam!
This class is super easy, the only hard part are the quizzes and the in text final. Everything on the computer is a joke except for when you get to the end of class, but that doesnt count for a grade. Totally recommend.
Hard projects, lectures are clear but pretty boring. Unless you like MIS and want to go into it, this class is pretty pointless and just another requirement to get out of the way. She's nice i guess!
Took this class for the buad minor. He's a really nice teacher who wanted us to do well, especially because it was an intro course. Class structure was really confusing, no sakai page, never see the grades, don't know what percent of anything will make up your final grade. Class wasn't necessary just memorize the info in the chapters to do well
don't learn a whole lot, but a VERY nice guy! willing to help and cares about u
I think that he is a good professor. Its true he does threaten a bit too much for my tastes and it can be stressful, but in general it seems he really cares if the students learn. I ended up learning a lot in his class.
Pam is a nice old lady, but a little batty. I can't handle going to her class. She never stays on topic. Make sure you read WebCT notes because the most random questions WILL be on the tests. Dressing up on Thursdays sucks big time. But don't let her discourage you about HRIM as a major, because other professors like Ron Cole and Debbie are amazing
o pammy...a nice person but kind of a space cadet. intro is a pretty easy class as long as you read the textbook and look over the vocab.
Dr. Walker is a great professor and a great person. He expects his students to work hard, and has high expectations. The class seems to be especially difficult for those who do not like math, as many of the concepts are very complex. However, he really cares about the development and success of students. He has been at Cedarville forever!
Less chemistry, and more biology than expected. Thorpe can be quite unclear and confusing at times, but overall gives a decent overview of things, especially if lectures are supplemented by a bit of book reading. He is VERY funny. Helpful in office hours. Do practice tests and understand them, and you will be fine. Grade distribution is generous.
He's ok when its obviously a topic he is interested in. However, when it comes to stuff he is clearly not concerned with (ie glycolysis) he doesn't do so well explaining. He's a hard grader, but fair. The class average is a B (even if the average is a 50%)
he's ok. his lectures are boring and put you to sleep, and you can't talk in his class, cuz he'll point you right out and ask what ur question is. lab is easy, quizzes aren't bad, exams are hard. don't buy the textbook, you don't need it
Good professor. Relatively easy class as long as you know what you are doing. 4 tests (lowest grade dropped), some group projects. Do your homework - it helps a lot, cause if you struggle with it, he will go over it in the class. Easy A if you have a good math background.
Not the favorite theory teacher in the CMA by any means. If you get on his good side, stay there if you can. Has a reputation for being difficult. People who do not do well in Theory should beware of Dr. Bill, and be prepared to work hard in order to keep up.
At first you might want to drop the class, but stick around, his class is easy if you show up and keep up with the work. He doesn't like technology, no cell phones or laptops. He brings cookies everyday though and really knows about Greece. Overall a great guy.
sweet old man, gives cookies at the beginning of every class and ALWAYS lets out early. you just go around the room translating, nothing too interesting, but he likes to tell stories (often the same stories...). easy class, but you'll only learn if you want to (i.e. actually look at the materials outside of class, which is otherwise not necessary)
Dr. Gross is the best teacher! He is soooo nice, he has great stories, and it's easy to get an A. He needs a better hearing-aid though
Easy class, great teacher..too easy, don't expect to still do well if you go on to 213
Easy class if you are good at memorization (makes you memorize ridiculous things like scientific names of species). Never paid attention in class and just studied off the slides/notes he posted and got an A. Test is extremely detailed and requires you to know a lot of diagrams. Also very tricky with options like "two/all/none of the above" etc.
mazziteli wants you to learn.
I fall asleep most of the time--can sometimes be rude to those that don't know
This guy is so passionate about what he believes in, that whether you agree with him or not, you have to respect it. Yes he yells a lot, and can sometimes scare you a little in the begining, but he has a point to doing so. He will inspire you and make you think outside of the box and realize so many things about life in general. Most intersting man
It took a few classes to get used to Dr. Bethea's teaching style, but once you get past that, he is an enthusiastic man who loves his subject material. He tends to get off-subject a lot, but one can see he genuinely is trying to spark change with his students. As a bonsu for the girls, he's very easy on the eyes!!!
At first I hated him because he came across as way too arrogant, left, and used his own book. Later I liked him. He provides a somewhat unique viewpoint, and knows his stuff. If you can get past arrogant profs, good course. Study=Easy. Dont=possible F
His lectures are strictly what come out of his mouth nothing more. You can't use the book for anything basically, and he doesn't have lecture notes, doesn't use blackboard. HARD grader no matter how you study. The information is interesting at times.
He gets off topic and focuses on topics that are really easy and then neglects the tougher ones. you should go to class because there are random in class assignments that he does throughout the semester. the book is literally the exam
Not bad, do aplia study and do the assignments and you will get atleast a B if not an A
Cool Prof. He has a very off the wall sense of humor...Stopped teaching toward the end of the semester but he will answer any question you ask. Would take again
Dr. Hirschburg makes class enjoyable, but I think he can be a bit of a jerk. When someone walked into class late he told a student to block the door with the over-head equipment so it was hard for the person to get into class. His tests are all multiple choice, but are somewhat difficult.
He's a very hard teacher but it's possible to succeed. Take home tests every week are difficult but boost your grade. He gives about 30 pts extra credit and you can drop a midterm and have final count for double. Go to lecture, read book, study old tests, do ALL his suggested problems and you'll be fine.
Make no mistake, he is a competant professor. Lectures are clear and, though the tests are ridiculous, grades are often salvagable. However, it can be very off putting to work with such an arrogant man. He is not likeable. You will feel mocked. Either find a prof you can like, or decide what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Your choice.
Great teacher!!! Plenty notes!!! Alot of online assignment but only worth like 3 points each. Only 4 50pt test including final. And great lectures. I did learn alot!! 20 pts for attendance if u miss more than 3 days he subtract 3 pts for each day from the given 20pts
Hahn is honestly a really nice guy but the class is graded solely on 3 exams so you really have to work for it. Talk to him after class so he knows youre putting in the effort and do the extra credit and you should be okay. Its hard but doable!
He was entertaining in a sarcastic/jerk kind of way. LOTS of reading, but his tests aren't too difficult and the term paper wasn't too bad.
You will not receive an A in this course unless you spend a large amount of time in his office hours and go to SI sessions. He gives homework every week, but does not teach what is on the homework until after it is due. He does care about his students and likes to help, but you have to get help outside of class.
He was a good teacher, but boring. Get ready to take notes and read. There are 4 books you need to read and all the tests are written (essays and short answer IDs). When studying write all the IDs and essay beforehand and memorize them. The TAs don't grade hard, but put in effort. Some of the books you don't need to read, but know major points.
Mcbee is the bomb, great lectures, if you put forth a solid effort you will get an A. I did it and it was a cinch.
The lectures are straight from the book, so don't bother reading it. All assignments are essays and require a LOT of outside of class reading. The articles he gives us are very long. Other classes suffered for this. Lectures have nothing to do with the assignments and aren't needed to finish the tests, making his lectures kind of a waste of time.
He is a nice guy, very passionate and willing to meet with his students, however he is hard. I'm an honors college student and the best I would get in his class on all graded materials was a 79.5, which he wouldn't round up, only four grades. The class is very interesting, the first 1 1/2- 2 hours is lecture and then short break, then a video.
Lectures are extremely boring and painful to sit through sometimes. His grading is there are two quizzes worth 5% each, a paper worth 20% and a midterm and final worth 35% each. All exams are purely essays, no multiple choice. If you show up and take decent notes you'll be fine.
Goes on tangents during class. Knows his stuff, but presents material in a slightly boring way. Very nice and willing to help.
Meh.. I hear there are better fine arts classes out there. Class is sometimes interesting, but usually pretty boring. Tests are very ambiguous and difficult to study for. I pulled out an A, but most my friends got Bs. He's very passionate about his class and is extremely nice outside of the classroom, but maybe look into taking survey of theater.
Garwell is clearly passionate about his course. The tests were pretty difficult for me, but those who already knew a lot about the subject had a much easier time. He does ask arbitrary questions from lectures and the book, the first month is slow, and I hated all of his t/f questions. However, the class and prof are both fantastic overall!
Prof. Judkins is very passionate about anthropology. I, unfortunately, am not. His lectures are very dry, and it is hard to tell what to write down because there is no plan as to what is going to happen. Make sure you do the reading for the tests. One easy paper at the end of the year due on the day of the final.
Unless you downloaded information on how to do logic into your brain before this class, don't expect it to be easy. by the time you finish writing step #1 of a proof on your paper stacy's done with it and on to the next one. if you ask her politely to slow down she will look at you as if you made the suggestion in another language... GOOD LUCK
This class can be kind of challenging if you don't have music background. Funny guy, and very talented. His practice tests are the same as real tests and he'll go over all of it before the real test.
He knows what he speaks of.
Professor Reed is a sweetheart, no doubt. He genuinely cares and wants you to succeed. He's too smart for his own good though. Don't write notes, just print them out and use those to study. Three exams, drops the lowest and a presentation that he gives you full credit if you show up and present. Don't recommend skipping though.
Don't need to word-smith to figure out the class is boring. But tests are out of book.
People seem not to like her, but she's not bad. She will answer questions and offer help all the time. If you study the prac. exams well and do the webassigns at math success there should be no problem. Clickers were used near the end of the year. People who complain typically don't try in class and blame the teacher -- even if she tries to help.
If you've taken AP Calc in high school this class is pretty easy. Otherwise you may have some trouble--but that's probably the case with all Calc I profs. Show up to lecture, actually try to get the worksheets in discussion and you'll be fine.
The word is HARD. However, he gives nice curves, which can easily bring your grade to B, or even A, unless you don't take notes at all and don't study at all. Getting a B is not hard, from my experience.
Overall class is fairly simple...test questions can be obscure and hard to answer, but as long as you do the assignments, which are simple, you should do fine. Her lectures are kind of pointless because its stuff right out of the book, but she takes attendance, so still show up.
I would only recommend if you aren't expecting much support from your professors. He is very cut and dry with what he will do. No test reviews, no dropped grades. The content of this course gets extremely difficult out of nowhere, and his teching style no longer sufficed for me personally. Wouldn't recommend unless you like to teach yourself.
Lectures were somewhat hard to understand, but you can get the material down through practice. Really helpful office hours.
Nice guy. You can make an A if you stay with it. 3 tests, the final, and a slight homework grade is your overall grade. Doesnt leave much room for error on any tests if you want an A.
she gets off topic but her stories are very interesting. she is a super super smart lady--she handles class in a very laid back way. tests are straight forward. i highly recommend taking her if you can, youre guaranteed to learn a lot!
He is an interesting professor who knows his stuff, fair tests
a really nice guy, but as a professor I did not enjoy him. I took calculus in high school so I did good in the class, but I felt bad for those who hadn't because he was not good at teaching. His lectures included barely any example problems and he would spend the first 40 min of class teaching the same thing he did the day before. really boring
all the very good review are for PRECAL. For calculus, his class is a lot harder. The homework is very basic and simple, but the tests are a lot harder and the problems more complex. Try to get copies of old tests from people and practice/study
This was a fun class. The tests and quizzes were difficult but I'm sure easier than any other Bio class.
Very wordy. Tests are pretty difficult, but he curves sometimes. Didn't know how I was doing in the class until 1-2 weeks before the semester was about to end. Uses text book supplementally. Tries to prepare you for the real world.
Gomez is a good teach, so long as you keep on top of notes and lectures. I took plane trig. The biggest downfall is his daily quizzes and his bluntness that maybe rude at times. His character make it seem that questions and commentary may not be welcomed. Long story short, easy class if you do you full part as a student. Attend. Take Notes. Study.
She keeps the class interesting! SHe uses great examples that relate to students, so we can better understand. It is a easy class. She gives extra credit.
It was frustrating to watch his lectures. At first, it's great. But when you're watching it repetitively, it gets challenging to pay attention. His questions are annoying as some of them were reading comprehension (few of which the book doesn't mention at all). 5-7 quizzes a week, and they consume a ton of time. If you're busy, DON'T take this cour
Only government class available and I've heard good things about him. I guess my class was the class that he decided to be different because he never lets us out early and drags out lectures. If you're late you will not be able to sign in (so you might as well miss all of the class). Never yawn & never get caught on your phone!!!
He is a very good prof. My only concern was that he didn't really teach us the material, he just told us what we needed to know. Very helpful if you didn't understand something. Got out of class early every day. Good prof to take if you are taking this class in the summer.
A "Handy dandy" professor who will teach you in a "completely unadulterated" way in "some manner shape or form." Seriously he's completely scatterbrained but gives you exactly what you need to get a good grade if you do some
The class was easy but I really disliked this professor. Something about him definitely rubbed me the wrong way, but I know some people that loved him. I never read the book, but make sure to bring it to class anyway or he'll seriously freak out. Extremely opinionated and full of himself.
Dr. Kydd is a wonderful woman! She is super sweet and wants her students to succeed. She does her best to help you out on the assignments, which there are a lot of. The amount of work can seem overwhelming at times, but that is because it comes in waves. Half the material is interesting and half is very dry.
A lot of people said he is really hard but I managed to pull off an A and im the worst at ECON...if you go to every class and take good notes...pay attention to when he says essay question b/c it will be one on the test youll be okay...its not impossible like they said and hes always in his office to help...cute old man lol
Wow, unless you have some sort of strange passion for econ RUN!! If you did before, you won't after this class. Tests are all essay (he always gave me like 2 pts out of 15 on, fill in, and vocab (you have to memorize all like 60 in each chapt cuz he wont tell you which 3 out of those will be on it
he's an ok teacher..yes he is boring but his class is not that hard actually..just show up to class and you'll do fine on his quizzes which by the way he has posted his past semester quizzes online and it helps
Extremely easy grading scale. 80 points for the semester gets you an A and there are 120 points possible. The class feels a little chaotic, but if you keep up on Blackboard this is an easy A
hated the class, it seemed no matter how hard I studied I never got the grade I wanted. His study guides are so vague, it's not about knowing the definition of the key terms but knowing the whole concept behind it. His tests are so hard, so make sure you study extra hard. Personally, I didn't enjoy his personal stories, it always bored me.
These ratings are a little out of line. Roger is not the best 101 teacher because he is a misunderstood genius. Take him with a grain of salt. His classes are pretty easy if you care enough to get involved. HE DOES NOT play favorites in classes. You get what you deserve!
Ive taken Steve twice and am about to have him again for my third Advanced ceramics class, listen to me. If you are taking a ceramics 1 class with him do not expect to learn how to throw. Expect to learn about quantum physics and conspiracy theories relating to aliens. of course the other two wont teach you much, either. Steve is good though.
profeessor Bemko was very condescending to the class. He also gave all essay tests. I wouldn't recommend this class for people who do not love history. on a positive note he did know his history.
Very particular on grading papers and tests. Most points are at the end of the course, so you must use early tests and papers to learn how he wants things done to succeed. You will need to read the books to do well on the frequent quizzes. Be prepared to work for your grade.
Due to the numerous amount of extra credit opportunities, this class is an easy A. I failed the first test with below a 50% and still received a B in her class. Try to buy your books ahead of time because you must read to pass the test
REALLY HARD! Now I'm a junior and I've been on the dean's list every semester, but this woman is hard! You have to read the book, and half the questions on the test come only from the book and aren't covered in class, and another chunk come from lab readings that aren't covered in class. Requires a lot from lab reports! Really tough!
She's an incredibly nice woman but the class was boring and I didn't like the way she taught it. She knows the material, just not how to really teach it to anyone else. The class wasn't too hard, just not the best ever.
what she lectures on is not always on test. must read book to do well. she grades on a curve so that is helpful. she shows intersting movies, but in all actuality the class is pointless. some labs were fun, but most were a waste of time. she's a bubbly person, but class was very hard to go to.
Crazy but she was a good teacher. She is rude and bias. her class was interesting and I enjoyed it. Good teacher for the subject.
Nice person, BORING teacher! Would not take class with instructor again. Notes are very unorganized. Find someone else to take class with!!!
She's very nice, but is a little absent minded.
Read the book and take notes from it. Attendance is a portion of your grade, plus there are in-class assignments you can't get credit for if you aren't there. There are weekly, online tests, so buy the code. Do all this and it's an easy A.
funniest **** was when someone pegged him w/ a snowball
if you have to use Cengage Online while taking this class, I would STRONGLY RECCOMEND buying the Special Bakersfield College Edition Book. People struggle using the online version of the book. Test are straight from the book usually also. Grades on a curve which is nice. Overall decent teacher. JOHN MADDEN!
She is very nice.. but her conceptual questions on the tests are only understood when you read the entire chapter.. expect to do lots of reading. Very nice curve at the end of the semester though.. cares about students. Nice lady, tough class... okay in end with curve
Classes are BORING. Just read the book in class and only study the book no note
This is NOT astronomy. This is astrophysics. Unless you really really like math/trig/physics, don't take it. Class can be fun but it's not at all what we expected. Take another prof if you want to take astronomy.
Straight-forward professor. He lectures, and sends you home to study using his study guide. However, I wish I had just taken notes the whole class as his study guide was so full of random info it was not that helpful. He assigns no homework, but he also gives NO chance for extra credit. You bomb the exams, you're screwed. There is no safety net.
Very tough course, you will need to study alot. Be prepared before you go to class, there will be an exit quize every time. You can do this but you will have to work for it. He lectures and than goes in and out of the lab so you will have to wait some times to get an answer. He will answer all your questions and work with you
be sure to STUDY for his tests or you will FAIL
Gretchen is really sweet. I had never taken dance classes before college, but went through all of her begining classes and it was really fun. Don't be scared to take her classes even if you have no experience. Just go to class...
Thank God he curves! Teaches straight from the book. Doesn't speak english.
SUCH a great professor. She knows her stuff, and she makes it easy to listen to. Her exams are super difficult though, and the material on them could go either way. She wants you to find the answer that's "most right." The true and false got me every time. However, I loved the class, and I ended up doing well. As long as you study, you'll manage.
She was nice, but I just couldn't learn from her. The notes were very straightforward, but the tests were more practical, therefore studying was difficult. She is hilarious though and rather entertaining.
The tests aren't multiple choice so good luck with studying
Took this class during the summer. Ton of material and Duggins moves quickly through it. Sometimes lectures may seem a bit all over the place but he does say what the possible essays will be on the exams. Duggins is very strict about grading exams but as long as you pay attention in class, take detailed notes, and make notecards you should be fine.
This class was impossible. Test questions are those that you would never think would be on the test. If you think you have a shot of recovering by Helmuth's mutiple choice tests from the 2nd portion, think again. Took AP bio in high school & made an A in biology 101 but still managed to make a D. Have to retake this course. Don't take it with him!
Bottom line.. Duggins is ridiculously hard. His tests come directly from the lecture notes, but you must know EVERY single thing he says about a topic. He also will take a lot of info from his last lecture before a test and throw it on there.. very hard grader.. avoid if you can! unless you LOVEEE plants!
The second test was super hard, but if I would have studied more effectively I would have been fine. His notes are almost always out of order, so I ended up rewriting them a lot.
Duggins is not as bad as everyone makes him out to be. There is a lot of studying involved. He gets very in depth in the topic and teaches it very well in my opinion. Just study very hard and, even though you dont even need it, reading the book helps. Know your vocab.
he looks like a combination between ducky from land before time and jack from will and grace. go to class memorize what he says and youll be straight sleep or dont go and youll fail. i did the latter of the 2.
Class was difficult but i feel like i've learned so much from her class. She pushes you hard, but it's worth it!! She's very helpful if you need to talk to her about papers or just anything at all!! Amazing woman!
Great teahcer but real **** with the grades.
This guy is awesome and funny. He says the randomest things in class. The lectures don't help a ton so may be only take him if you have a basic understanding. There is like no homework. He likes to mix stuff up a lot.
Easy if you read the chapters and teach yourself (his teaching style definitely wasn't my understanding style)
I took the 8 week class, and the majority of the class she tells stories. It's definitely do-able to get an A. Do the outlines, be there the day she reviews for the test, and you'll do fine. On a personal note, I didn’t care for her. She can be very condescending and rude.
A pretty nice lady, but expects everyone to know more than they should. Has alot of interesting stories and life related material. Do outlines and study, you'll get an A!
Ok...yeah hard class! Don't take if your looking for an easy A...getting an A in here is not very easy, if possible at all. ATTEND ALL CLASSES or you will be really lost. Half the time you will be really lost if you are there! Overall, nice guy, knows his stuff, interesting, but the plot thickens and never really becomes clear.
Easy, easy class! He doesn't do anything, but there are teacher aides that come around and help if needed. It's really easy to get ahead of the schedule because it's self-paced, but you still have to come to class for attendance points. DON'T BUY THE BOOKS! Waste of money and no need for them.
He's a nice guy and very patient. It's self paced so if you know the stuff already you can go ahead and do it. The actually class time is pretty boring unless you are working on something while he's talking, which he doesn't seem to mind.
Professor Leavitt is a great teacher especially for people who are not too great at math. He gives a nice few for everyone to understand. For the most part, you have to do problems his way. Attend class cause is a part of your grade.
Mark was okay. Sometimes he was difficult to understand, and he would often get impatient with the class. But if you're struggling, he will help you. And the good thing about him was that he taught in the student center, so help is really easy to get from tutors and others willing to help. So all in all, not bad at all.
Hard, but good. Don't take unless you are a serious student. He has no personality and a huge chip on his shoulder.
His tests are completely random and when you ask him for help on studying...he doesn't. He puts stuff on the study guide that you have never gone over in class. However, he does explain stuff clearly. But his class is extremely boring...he is so monotonous and tedious
3 tests, all from his lectures, you don't need your book. Makes you write 2 two page papers over "Who Freed the Slaves" which is not fun. He is pretty interesting. Lets his liberal views come out in his lectures which I didn't like.
Neat guy, hopped up on Diet pepsi so try and keep up. His material and opinions are fun to listen to. Go to class, enjoy yourself and study hard for the tests, particularly the essays.
The tests aren't hard if you take good notes. He genuinely wants you to succeed and will help with any material that you're having a hard time with.
I had him for 301/325. I couldn't stand it. They are easy class periods, but the exams aren't easy at all. Very specific. he doesn't post notes at all and just tells stories- you have to find the info. He doesn't use the book at all either. Really awful about emailing back or getting exams back. Nice guy and normal dad, but unorganized class.
This class is very interesting but Dr. Bolea needs to get on top of his game. It took him 3 weeks too get us this sylubus in the beginning of the year and he always made promisses he had a hard time keeping such as posting reviews and hading back tests. The guy loves to talk. The class is based on four tests and an observation paper
Prof has a very good knowledge of course material. He applies it to real world issues. He raises and fairly argues both sides of issue. The lectures are routine and not very lively. It is not a highly captivating lecture. The tests are fairly simple if you know the important things covered in class.
He is a great person, I enjoyed his classes and payed attention easily. However, his notes are very unclear and he can sometimes be hard to follow. You may need to redo your notes a couple of times to understand them.
Doesn't seem to know what sh'es doing but an easy class.
The subject material sucks, but she knows it like the back of her hand. Is very clear with the material, it's just hard to learn and remember. Tests are pretty hard unless you study for hours and hours, but she does give study guides.
Devon is very passionate about poetry. Would not recommend if you are not as well. Very time consuming. The class atmosphere is very laid back.
A lot of projects where it seems we only apply the most basic of all the statistical concepts we learned, even later on. She's alright at explaining things, but can make mistakes and things get confusing. She's better than average though, but can be moody.
Brunjes is a decent lecturer, but his tests always have poorly worded questions on them. The class is graded on a bell curve, so you don't really know where you'll fall until the very end, and you are able to drop one exam grade.
Although my rating seems low, I definitely recommend this class. Take notes and get everything he says. He's super nice -I went to talk to him twice and he really makes you feel better about the class. As others have said, figure out the tests early (I bombed the first). The class is funny and very interesting but you must have good notes and read!
A fairly likeable guy. Entertaining enough to listen too, but you'll have to be able to type quickly if you want to get everything down. Test are somewhat difficult; multiple answers will seem correct a lot of the time- the correct one is the one that applies most specifically to the question, though that isn't always so clear cut.
D.W is the MAN! He keeps lectures interesting with his humor and wit, so they're always enjoyable. His exams can be a bit challenging but he's very good at making sure he has covered any material he puts on the exams. Go to lecture, read the book, and you'll be golden.
Ok, these comments are unfair. The tests are hard, but that's because it HAS to be. There are over 250 people in the class and he needs a good spread. And he has a great statistical method to figuring out final grades. Overall, he's a funny guy and I'm glad I had him. I took him for fun since I'm an engineer and in my own hell in eschool.
This is a very unique course, although very rigorous!
I dropped this class the first day I had it. He wanted an UNBELIEVABLE amount of work done for the class. There was NO WAY I was going to stay in it. DO NOT TAKE HIM. He seemed mean, after even the first day.
This is a pretty interesting class and I highly recommend that everyone at UVA should take it. Do the readings, as they are crucial to your success in the class! There are only 3 2-age essays (which you get to pick), a midterm, and a final (which have study guides!) Do the study guides and memorize them for the exams, and you'll be in good shape!
He knows a lot, but he makes me want to drop out of school, i fall asleep in every class, and that's not normally my style.
She was never clear about her syllabus, but just do as she says and you should get a good grade. She's pretty nice.
Great class, I learned a lot and found the lectures to be interesting if you can stay awake.
Lectures were pretty boring. The rate she spoke made it hard to get all the notes she talked about. My advice: go to class and pay attention but get notes from someone else who takes good notes quickly. Tests are kinda strange format w/ ID questions in which she lists a bunch of main ideas from lectures and you have to describe them.
Prof Coffey is a really nice guy and is knowledgeable, but the class was a little frustrating. He teaches math in an entirely different way than anyone else and it can be hard to get used to. He cares a lot about your engagement. All assignments can be redone for full credit and you don't take any tests, you make your own. Easy A if you try!
Easy class, but he talks to us like elementary students. We NEVER stick to the schedule he sets because he drags discussions out. VERY boring class
He's a professor for all the right reasons. Cares a lot about his students. However, with that being said, his class is virtually impossible to do well in. ESPECIALLY for someone with limited high school chem experience. ONLY take this class if you LOVE chem. Buy the book. You might only read it a few times but it is helpful & you need it for 115
A hilarious professor, but a ridiculous class. He's great in lecture, but worthless in lab. Tells hilarious stories in class which are enjoyable, but don't expect him to answer questions outside of class. The lab assistants are even more worthless and the tests are killers and nearly impossible.
This class is not basic memorization! The tests and the drills and the book are all made by different people, which means that when you go to take a test, you are tested on words you have never seen before. When you have seen the words in the book or the drills you have to change the ending, but you are never given any rules to do so.
The benefit of taking orgo with Professor Fraser is that she pushes you to understand the concepts and not just memorize. Her class has a lot of components (weekly homework, reading questions etc.) so be organized. Discussions and office hours are SUPER important- go every week! Tests are the hardest part, so take advantage of the regrade.
Hardest class at UVA I don't care what anyone says. Youur life will be chemistry. Our second midterm average was a 28%. But, if you do the work you'll have at LEAST a B. You will learn stuff in class, but it will have little or nothing to do with the homework you're doing. Prepare to fail all other classes though, you will have to ignore them.
I've had 4 classes w/him and I've learned so much. He's my favorite professor. He just lacks in people skills. He's helpful if you try hard-- very hard-- first.
Although Kingston is very nice, his lectures are extremely dry and boring. He makes comprehensive study guides for the tests, so the class is not really hard. Also, there are two relatively easy projects and one easy essay. Don't wait until before test time to read.
Regardless of what professor you have, there is a lot to learn in this subject. Given that, this is the professor to have. He's a really nice guy. The assignments are time consuming, I'm not going to lie, but every professor's will be. Just ask him for help, and he'll assist as much as he can.
I did well in this class, ended up with an A but had to take LOTS of notes. He stands in front of the class and talks and writes on the board the entire time. He basically teaches the class by telling somewhat of a "story" about the history. Nice guy but toooo many notes! Also required a lot of studying and writing document analysis.
HATE HATE HATE this man. Worst teacher ever and can be SUCH an ****. I had three A's, a C, and an F in his class. I think that says something. It's not even like the class was HARD persay, it was just that his tests were completely unclear and the second document analysis was not well explained. TAKE SOMEONE ELSE
If you aren't a whiz at Mathcad, the homeworks are very hard. Tests are pretty easy compared to the time on the homework. Very tedious. Makes it interesting.
He is not always at class nor-is he allways the most excesible person but he is a great guy with pasion. I am taking his com 304 class and I am looking forward to to it.
DeYoung is tough, but good. He gives really hard tests and there's only two before the final, so holding a good grade in his class is difficult. He can make you feel stupid for asking questions. He feels that everything is obvious. Despite that, he is very knowledgeable and I can't wait to have him again.
He is hard on you. He makes you feel stupid when you ask a question. He knows his physics. I do not recommend taking him
She digresses way too much. She is willing to help you out if something appears to be confusing. She really wasn't clear with her thoughts.
Professor Bair was very clear on what he wanted. Every assignment was clearly drawn out, which made it really easy to accomplish what he desired, and he sent an email every week with reminders. Very organized man. The in-class sessions were really boring, but if you can tough those out, I highly recommend taking him.
Easy class with alot of memorization. All Powerpoint- on BB. He is very dry though. I couldn't stand listening to him for the whole semester, but you can't really skip class. Assignments are easy. He does know quite a bit about the subject.
I meant to rate him awhile ago, I had him last semester of 06. He is great and the class was easy although it was all powerpoint (which he posted on BB). Exams did require a lot of studying. I had to memorize everything but I still got an A. Highly recommend
His lectures were a little hard to get through but if you read the section before class it made it so much easier to understand. His tests were very difficult but not impossible. And is wife is a very nice women. I talked to her all the time, every class.
She has a lot of really cool stories and is really helpful if you truly want to be a teacher. Very cool lady. Her class though is really frusterating because she doesn't really teach anything. You never need to read the textbook but you need it for the exams, she gives deadlines and doesn't keep to them. Its frusterating, easy and somewhat useful!
This class was easy tbh. One large paper and presentation, but she was not a tough grader. TONS of extra credit. Was not super helpful through email. Optional synch classes once a week. Exams and labs were pretty easy. I spent like 3 hours a month on this course. It was interesting and I learned a lot through my research.
Hard to understand, but easy class. Just do the work and make it look good!
This class was difficult! I would not recommend to anyone.
Dr. Sanchez is a hard grader but a decent person. Ask as many questions as you can and visit her and office hours and you'll be fine.
This was a very interesting class and she really tied in all aspects of business for the capstone. This is my second time having her and she is a great prof! The cases were pretty intense and her essay exams can be hard but just take plenty of notes and read the book. You also need to partcipate in class because she'll call on you.
Take only if you have music background, otherwise it will be difficult
Knows her material well, expects you to as well. Rayor's classics courses aren't just read and repeat. When you read something in her class she wants you to read it, understand it, and then draw your own conclusions with that. Exams are hard, quizzes are hard, and papers aren't awful. Expect to have a lot of reading.
Class is easy, but she grades pretty hard on papers. Real nice though
Good guy. He teaches from the book. He is more of a; read the book, do the problems and come to me with questions guy. I am more of a; tell me how to do it, give me lots of notes so I dont have to look at the book guy. In other words; he was very hard for me. He is good for thouse who like/ are good at Math.
How can anyone not get an A? Get to use notes on the test, tons of extra credit and hardly any graphs. Anyone who fails his class is obviously the laziest person in the world.
Dr. Witucki is VERY organized, which makes her class very easy to navigate. She does curve some exams, and offers extra credit towards the end of the semester. However, she doesn't respond very well to feedback. The quizzes and exams don't allow backtracking, and the material is MUCH harder than the practice you're given on homework and in lecture
Professor Witucki is one of the best profs I have had so far. Organic Chemistry is VERY challenging, but she makes it interesting and is very helpful. DON'T skip class,go to discusion, and even get a tutor for this class because it helps a lot.
Fairly nice lady, but hard to follow. Makes easy examples hard to follow.
She is the head of the Movement Science Department, but she doesn't do much.
Stephenson does care about the education of students but could be using class time better. Learning is done outside of class and only goes over worksheets. Lots of pop quizzes which you cannot make up if you miss class. Lots of extra credit. Goes over scheduled class time, also very disorganized. Wouldn't recommend if you don't understand quickly.
My only complaint about how she runs class is how she gives quizzes almost every class (at least once a week) at the very end of class. I am a slow test taker, so it is extremely stressful to take quizzes with only 10 minutes left. You have to come to class or else you'll get a 0 on quizzes. Overall, nice professor. Can use notes, just stressful
This was by far the hardest class of my semester. There are assignments, that will take hours to finish, almost every week. Exams are extremely tough and she is not an easy grader. If you like doing hours of homework a week, taking ridiculous exams, and dealing with stress and anxiety, this class is for you. Otherwise, steer clear of this professor
She is a really nice lady, but prepare to put a lot of time in. Every class period you get assigned over an hour of homework (randomly takes as a quiz grade), along with lecturing entire chapters in less than 10 minutes. She doesnt use bb and the tests are the hardest I have come across. Overall she makes the class a lot harder than it needs to be.
3 10 page papers, 8 Response Papers. Not too bad just repeat what you heard in class.
Read the textbook and take short notes and you'll be okay. Quizzes were open-book and he tells you to use your textbook for it. Midterm and finals were pretty much the format of his book reports. IDK if he fr counts attendance though. His lectures were really weird though and I never paid attention, but he does try to answer any questions you have.
Really passionate about what he teaches however very hard grader and sometimes wants way to specific of an answer on essay tests. Go to his office hours if you want to pass
This guy is definitely an oddball, but he's very helpful and friendly. Class is interesting. Three exams, multiple choice and essay, nothing too bad. I recommend this class! It's not too hard to take as a GE and it's pretty interesting.
Well this class is full of contradictions: Long hours of boredom broken by her saying something hilarious. One midterm which is about 8 questions + a short essay, one lesson plan, and one cultural plunge. I loved her but the text was repetitive and the class could feel so looong at times. If you have a pulse & put in minimal effort you'll get an A.
Content and mode of teaching were spot-on, but he definitely likes to be right. A lot. He also gets weird about hard workers. He seems to enjoy mocking and taunting them. I was one of two favorite (hard working) targets in his class. He particularly liked claiming we were wrong when we were reciting straight from his text. ??? Odd man, great class.
I am dying in this class!!! Spanish has always been easy for me and now I have to work for 5 hours on 5 questions from the textbook. How is this an effective way to learn? I feel more stupid after I do it! I don't want to talk to him because he looks scary. How can this be a good prof to take???????
Says he will leave assignments open to your interpretations, yet marks points off if you do it wrong. Is helpful, but vague w/ help. Stay away
As much as you don't want to, GO TO CLASS because it will def affect your grade. The homework consists of weekly annotations which are pretty annoying but also kinda easy to BS. She's tough when grading papers (and they take forever to write) so I would rely on your hw and participation grade
Wong is very organized but the class is very demanding. There are alot of assignments and alot of reading required in order to do well. The down side is she treats her students like they are in grade school.
Class material was clear and somewhat interesting, though the exams were inordinately tedious to do and require the student to simply memorize the text book. If attendance wasn't necessary, there would no be any need to attend. If you lack a photographic memory then avoid PHIL/WOMS 216
He know the course information but he has a hard time putting it in to and orginized lecture, he often went on tangents during class and then tried to cram the 50 min lecture in to the last 15 min of class. because of this i highly recomend that you make sure you READ THE BOOK.
Alot of the class was around reading the books you're assigned then discussing them in class. Basically he's give us a test outline, I'd print it out, study what I needed to know, and got an A on all the tests. Papers are most of your grade, he's helpful when it comes to clearing Essays up. Papers are a little tough, but put in the work.
He knows what he's talking about. Don't bother getting the main textbook, but the Andrew Jackson book and the other textbook are required for the papers. 2 exams, 3 papers 5-7 pages each. I'd take him again. He does take attendance.
Nice guy, talks to students and listens instead of just lecturing. I don't know how other history classes are set up, but I didn't learn must history, just the differences between two books. good attendance policy.
i didn't like the class but the prof was okay. try to take in the afternoon if possible.
good teacher, not a hard class, makes you think
Easy class, funny/nice guy. Hard to understand though.
It's calc2 and he's ethiopian. Obvious language barrier, but he know's the stuff
prof Constantelos is a good prof who definitely knows what hes talking about. class definitely requires you to put in the work to get a decent grade. you will need to read a good bit and study/prepare to do well on the tests. you also don't need to really say anything for the debates and still get full credit. he can be a bit strange though
Professor Coles lectures are very long and boring. Make sure you do the map quizzes on time, they are easy points. Tests are very difficult, and the review sheets are very vague. To succeed, you must find your information from the book. GIS Project is tough, but doable if you try hard. I suggest going to his office hours.
His lectures are long and boring. 3 exams including the final but he drops your worst one (first time he's done this) gives you no study guide so it's hard to know what to expect. Attendance is a HUGE part of your grade and there is a big GIS project due at the end of the semester. 60 point map quizzes every week open book online super easy.
There are 3 exams and one final (accumulative). Each section has about 7-8 videos that range from 30 minutes to an hour. There are quizzes in between sections, and two papers. If you do not have the time to put in effort, do NOT take her!! You MUST really understand (not memorize) everything and have the time for it all.
HARD tests. does make the subject interesting but the tests are a huge part of the class and theyre very difficult. its a basic class and shouldnt be that hard.
She has a strong accent. She is an overall nice person. Her lectures at times were all over the place, and her powerpoints were a little confusing. She is super sweet. She cares about her students, and she has a good sence of humor. The tests are hard. You MUST get the lecture notes and do everything on blackboard (quizes and little papers
Whoever put a chili pepper next to this lady is trippin. She tries to be funny. Class is boring. Tests are ambiguous. Final is cumulative. Studied and got a C+ in the class. Try to take natural disasters with someone else. This class was my worst class last semester.
If you're a guy, it's hard to pay attention because this teacher is pretty hot. She's as young as the students and really intelligent. The tests have been hard and too long.
FAIRLY EASY! GO 2 CLASS & TAKE GOOD NOTES. GOODLUCK TOO EVERY1 WHO THINKS THEIR GOING 2 GET AN A IN HER CLASS:)
Very hard to listen to, class got very boring toward end of semester. Although the class was not too difficult and pretty straight forward, I would not take him again.
Had this class when it was still named IDS 180, but dang Tyler is the best to take for this course. Not because he teaches you so well but because he makes the class so easy compared to the others. The only difficult-ish assignment is an HTML website you have to build but he just wants the very basic codes. TAKE HIM!!!
Monotone professor will bore you. Do not go to class, you will not learn much or even stay. Book was useless, class still did horrible on test which are curved. Just spend time doing assignments and extra credit. But Tyler is helpful if you go to office hours. Overall, class was pretty easy and laid back but I barely passed.
Very boring teacher. Would mess up a lot on his own assignment presentations, which was annoying when you have to redo a ton of your notes. Unless you take very detailed notes or bring your laptop to class and do the assignments there, you will get screwed. Tests are kinda hard but nothing to worry about. There is a fairly large curve.
clay's a pretty unorganized guy and this class is boring period no matter who you take but he grades on a curve i did bad on all my tests but the curve gave me a B overall and the assigments are really easy if you go to class you'll do a lot better even tho its boring
This professor was fine; I disagee with all the the negative comments. Did you have to do the work? Yes. But he was very generous and experienced. I enjoyed his class very much and retained what I learned in it.
He is very proud of his work, therefore you hear a lot about it, which may or may not be relevant. I found the tests to be easy if you took good notes on both the reading and his lectures. Write down everything he says. If you sleep through class, of course you aren't going to think the tests are easy.
This class was boringg and there's so much information that you never know what's going to be on the exams, oh and there are only two exams so if you mes s up the first one... . he wants you to read the book, but it was like $100, i bought it, and never opened it. I would just say don't take him.. it's not an enjoyable class
You are expected to read almost 50 pages per night. Pretty much no one in class read though because the next day the reading was in his powerpoint lecture. The tests never seemed to relate to the lectures, and the final exam was something that no amount of studying could prepare you for. So long as you show up and he likes you, you will do fine.
Caring and intimating professor who wants all his students to do well. However, he restructured this course and made it quite difficult and unnecessarily challenging
Unfair tests....nice guy and all but do not take
I really liked her. I thought she was extremely organized and usually spells out exactly what is important material to know. I really enjoy her class and I think she is a good professor to take for a Stats 215 class.
Interesting prof, If you can get someone else do it, otherwise she's not too bad, just brutally boring.
Boring, boring, boring. Nice guy, but is, like his class, terminally dull.
I though that this class was fairly hard, although I did get an A without going to class. I studied outside of class which helps, and get all the extra credit points.
she knows her stuff and her tests are easy
She is one of the hardest WRT 150 teachers, however, she can be very helpful. She rips apart your papers and tell you what you need to fix. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS! She will help you individually where your paper needs help and gives you ideas. She expects a lot out of her students, so just work hard and you will do fine.
She's a bit scary, but you'll learn a lot if you put effort into it. She also will meet with you any time. It's not a blow off class, get over it.
If you're looking for an easy writing class - don't take her. She expects a lot out of writing assignments, and why not? You should be able to write a college-level paper by the time you enter college. Put effort into papers and you will do fine!
Mrs. Lubic is helpful in the fact she tears your paper apart because they need to be. However, she does not give SPECIFIC help on how to change things. You have to ASK questions and DRAIN her for information.
The class is very boring and she isn't a big help. Not too bad but she talks a lot about nothing and repeats herself over and over again.
SOOO incredibly boring. Literally puts you to sleep. I skipped almost all classes and got an A; just read the book.
Intro to Human Rights is kind of an interesting course. Prof. Cornish has a soft voice that might cause your mind to wander, so try to focus. Maybe record his lectures. He's a reasonable grader, and his tests are quizzes aren't that difficult as long as you skimp through the assigned readings and listen to his lectures. Participation matters.
I've had him before and I don't think he's a bad prof....its not that he makes it boring but some of the subjects are just impossible to make interesting.. I admit I have missed a ton of class and my grade is suffering because of it. GO TO CLASS and dont hand in stuff late... major deductions!!
I thought it was going to be alot more boring than it was. He does have a qiurky thing about him, but i like it. i have learned a lot. He did seem to be teaching to people who already knew what we were there to learn, but i caught up.
nice guy pop qz at the end of sem so you can miss the begining
Very knowledgable. Willing to teach you.Sense of humor appearred later in class.
Hodgson is a good lecturer, she knows what she's talking about and her classes are pretty straightforward, but she can be a giant pain to deal with. If you get on her bad side by expressing an opinion she doesn't agree with, she'll be extra condescending to you (which is bad because she gives a participation grade) and grade you very harshly.
BAD TEACHER! U need to read...a lot of the exams r based on the book. Also, movies r important! But she teaches this course way too hard for an Intro level class! Waste your time elsewhere if u r using this to fulfill a requirement!
He is ruthless in grading sometimes but he wants you to really grasp the material and be able to explain your processes. He is willing to help if you ask him for help, that's what office hours are for you know.
He was a good professor, but he didn't seem like he cared about you that much just wanted the work done. He was very laid back and the work was easy.
TOUGH TEACHER...but if you take notes, memorize them for the test, work hard with your group for the paper, and follow her directions, it's not TOO bad. She will help but can be really harsh so don't take her words to heart.
She is interested in keeping the students grades in mind. She is there to help you. Her exams are fair, but you need to study for them and pay attention in class. You cannot really miss a class period. She likes to pile on the homework and make her take home quizzes extremely hard.
Tough class. Carroll crams in a ton of material over the semester, so there's a lot of stuff to study for in the 2 exams, almost too much. He offers extra credit on his projects, which you should definitely strive to get because the exams are tough. Projects are doable but they are pretty time consuming. Overall, it's a petty dull class IMO.
This class is very difficult, but manageable as long as you do the optional homework and attend class every day. There are 8 quizzes, with the lowest being dropped. They are given at random times so missing class one day can land you with a zero on a quiz. His exams are difficult, but he does allow a blank sheet of paper for notes.
Dr. Pearson is an expert in her field. The class is challenging, especially for those with no background in linguistics, and the material is dense. However, she is more than willing to make time to help you improve. Do not come in expecting to study literature.
Dr. Pearson is an expert in her field. The class is challenging, especially for those with no background in linguistics, and the material is dense. However, she is more than willing to make time to help you improve. Do not come in expecting to study literature. As she will tell you at the beginning of the class, "Linguistics is a science."
OKAY SO I THOUGHT MARKETING WOULD BE FUN BUT SHE SURE PROVED ME WRONG. BORING AND LOTS OF INFORMATION TO MEMORIZE. MAKE SURE TO MAKE TIME FOR THIS CLASS IF YOU WANT A GOOD GRADE. READ THE BOOK & KNOW THE SLIDES WELL...=)G
I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TAKING THIS TEACHER IF YOU CAN AVOID IT. DO ALL PARTICIPATION ACTIVITIES, TESTS ARE TOUGH.
Lectures are freakin boring. So hard to pay attention. She is a tough grader on tests and the MC questions are long and annoying. Particiption is easy to get full points and you should write the optional paper to get a better grade.
Long lectures, challenging tests. Read book, review notes, do papers ahead of time. You'll do fine. Grading was okay this summer due to intensity of the short session. Good luck and make sure you read and go over notes.
Can't stand the woman, her voice is high pitched and extremely annoying. The material was ridiculously easy and the exams were ridiculously hard. AVOID THIS PROFESSOR!!!
The class is comprised of a couple assignments, a final paper, a presentation, and a few exams which are on blackboard and timed (but you have plenty of time). You don't have class on exam days since the exams are online and she usually posts the exam early, which is nice. She is super nice& always brings treats. Don't stress about the presentation
She's all over the place with her lectures and explinations, but she is enthusiastic and will try to help you as much as possible. Tough tests, and she has a tough grading scale, but not a tough grader.
Followed the notes to a T. Attendance not required to do well in class. But a good prof kept lectures somewhat interesting.
He's a cool guy. I would advice you to have completed calculus 3 before taking calculus physics 2. Concurrent enrollment is not a good idea, you'll probably struggle. I dropped the class but know after calc 3 am ready as ever to tackle electricity.
Take his class. It is his last year (2015-16). He has amazing lectures and connects them to life, you will take a lot from his lectures. He teaches you to think in a way I cannot explain. He will show you many concepts and many aspects of life. He has a lot of stories as well. Only true challenge is the research paper and group project,but worth it
Professor Heredia is one of the most inspirational and interesting professors I've had. He expects 10+ "topics for discussion" due at the beginning of each week, a page or more in length for each topic, worth 10 points total. So approximately 1 point for each page which isn't realistic whatsoever. Other than that, he's a great professor.
He is a excellent professor.I do not think he tries to be more superior then his students.I beieve he wants us to try and achieve our best. He is very open minded and will listen to one's opinions.If you come back with a good remark it will stop him in his tracks.Only wants the best out of his student.No test,just chapter work,and 2 paper finals
Extremely scary instructor. Talks about himself and past war experience 99% of the class. The man is living on the edge - seriously.
Seems hard but do journals and paper and will get an A
nice guy, but didnt explain assignments, just talked about himself.
Lecture content was barely finance, mostly math. Some vague test questions. Be careful w/paper-while completely fulfilling and answering requirements, lost points for not answering questions that were not listed (or obvious) as having to address. Unorganized a lot of the time. Extra credit on "final" was a joke. Overrated IMO. Maybe too personal
He teaches the material well although sometimes he can ramble and it can get a bit confusing. Take notes of what he writes on the board and says!!! there's 3 tests which has some fill in the blank questions so make use of the study guide he provides! tests have a 3 page essay portion. Lots of reading! But you can get a good grade if you work for it
Dr. King is a baller, heard he has whiskey for breakfast. On the reals, follow his notes as fast as you can cause he speeds through them then expects you to know it all on tests. Go to class! missing one day can screw you. Tests are hard, essays are easy to ****.
The textbook isn't needed, but some may find it useful. Sutton gets off topic easily so lectures can be difficult, but she also gives out test questions/answers in lectures. Attendance is mandatory if you want to do well on the tests in my opinion. Your grade is heavily based on the 4 tests.
This class you have to just power through. Lectures can be beyond boring (or seriously out of pocket), but she gives you test questions and counts attendance for extra credit at the end of the semester. Assignments out of class can seem excessive but are easy points. I wouldn't buy the textbook because she posts chapter outlines on Canvas.
She is the funniest professor and her lectures are very funny. With that being said, this class is so easy. If you go to her "optional" classes she does zoom polls to give word for word test questions with the answers. Her grading scale is nice where a 90-100 is a 4.0! Passing this class and getting an A is so easy, also I never used the textbook.
Sutton's lectures drag, the only reasons I showed up to all of them is the attendance policy and the fact that she gives out test questions. The way she teaches is just annoying. This class isn't hard if you do all the work, but save yourself the headache if you can.
Sutton is really enthusiastic & interested in the content. All-or-nothing grading can really hurt you if you're not careful & she is very eccentric & weird (a little condescending at times). Show up if you want to do well - gives away lots of test questions in class. Good study guides & straightforward tests. Do the work, it's really not that hard.
Professor Sutton is a little weird at times but always has very interesting stories to share with the class. Most of the material is pretty boring but she does really try to make it enjoyable. Tests are 100 questions with multiple choice, T/F, and matching. Typically she will tell you specific things to study during class, so pay attention.
Her HTH class is a mandatory GenEd, but I wouldn't say it was one of my favorites. She's a little out there and strange, but she was very helpful when it came test time. She'll tell you the answers to the tests during lectures, so as long as you're in class your good. Gym hours suck and passport events suck even more. Good luck!
Dr. Sutton likes to ramble and get off topic. Her lectures don't really help, She doesn't really give helpful explanatory information. You get most of your information from the book. Really easy to tune out in her class. She is nice and will help you but she isn't very clear. She's an alright professor but not the best.
Class is definitely not an easy A but it's possible to get one. Must study a week prior to exam to get a high grade. There are 4 exams, no cumulative. She's very funny and interesting, so is the class. She gives hints on what will be on the exam. Offers 10-12 extra credit points!
This may be health class, but the exams are not common sense like you might expect, and without studying, it's easy to bomb a test. I like Professor Sutton, but the class was just not interesting to me. The wellness requirements sucked, and I only ended up getting half of the gym hours and one passport event. Do those and study and you'll be fine.
Hard to like at first, but genuinely a nice person. I don't know why people say her tests are hard and nit-picky. Just study the outlines really well. I didn't even buy the book. Seriously, study the outlines and do your assignments and you're guaranteed an A.
Fairly easy class as long as you read her outlines and read the textbooks. Tests are straightfoward for the most part. Class can be very boring and she tends to talk down to her students and treats them as fourth graders, which is totally annoying.
The teacher isnt that bad- however she moves very quickly. She does post everything on blackboard. as long as you do all the work youll do fine
I've had some really smart professors here at JMU and sutton is...not one of them. No seriously, she is pretty dumb and makes a lot of awkward, unnecessary comments in class on really gross subjects. Class is straightforward, tells what info is definintely going to be on test. Tests are very challenging, study hard.
condescending is a good word for her attitude at times, but shes's an excellent teacher in front of the class. she keeps things light and fun, gives exact test answers if you pay attention--overall, not bad.
Professor Bell makes chem1 really easy and all you have to do is take notes that are on the board and hand them into the teacher assistance and you receive an A+ by just taking the notes and showing up for class
Nice guy but didn't learn much at all.
His Spanish is excellent, but he uses mostly English in the classroom. He is late on a daily basis and never seems to prepare. Doesn't stick to the syllabus. We waste class time watching movies in English and reading aloud in English. We never use the pricey textbook, except for vocab quizzes. It's a onversation class where nobody talks.
I am in his translation class now, and it is terrible. Professor Rapin offers little translation strategies, and worst of all, most of the translations will not appear on the tests. He is so lazy -- it's obvious that he always throws together the daily lessons, as well as the tests! He is useless!
If you want an easy A but don't want to learn anything about the actual Spanish language, then take this Professor. He's the laziest professor that I have had in college. We watched Flipper in Spanish, some Gloria Estefan videos (many which were in Portuguese and not Spanish--we're not idiots!) I wanted to learn but I did NOT learn anything new.
Its an easy A. He does go off of his lectures a bit and I couldnt read half the stuff he wrote, but if youre just doing it for credit youll pass. He also never used Blackboard. If you wanted to see your grade you had to ask him. Theres one paper and he grades it pretty tough, but theres other stuff to make up for it!
His test are hard but he gives you plenty of extra credit and drops one test score. His lectures consist of him talking and he doesn't write notes on the board (bring a voice recorder). Class requires a lot of reading in the textbook and taking the questions online. Visual learners may have trouble on his lecture tests but will exceed well at lab.
he is a pretty cool guy but he sticks directly to the books. so if you study the book word for word you will do good on the tests and he explains things thoroughly. the only thing i didn't like was that sometimes he had the students teach the class which i don't like at all because nobody knows what they are talking about.
This class is super easy as long as you follow his instructions. Write a few summaries, essays, do the revisions, do the project and you're good. Even easier online!
Extremely boring! Babbles and goes off on random tangent but the class was not difficult. Reading the book is necessary if you want to do well. I would prefer him over other psyc 101 teachers because he is the easiest. However some of his stories are hilarious and he laughs at his own jokes...
Very strange man....but nice. He knows a lot about the material and knows everyone that has had anything to do with child psyc in the past 50 years. the class is rather boring and he has a tendency to stray from his outline. Just read the textbook and you should be fine.
This is a professor that really knows his stuff! That being said, he skipped around in time periods sometimes, and it felt really confusing at times. The latter half of the class was a lot less confusing. There are only a handful of assignments which is nice, but you're really screwed if you do poorly on more than one. Take time to do the readings!
Tough class,but learn a lot...Jumps around a lot in lecture and isn't very structed, don't expect to get an A. Avoid if ya can, but its not that bad
He's a great guy, I can tell he really enjoys his job and his students. I personally, I was not that interested in the material.
I took Kaplan for honors colloquium. He was amazing. His handwriting is IMPOSSIBLE to read, but he grades well and the class is fun. He creates a great classroom environment.
Class and lecture kept my attention and he's got a pretty good sense of humor. Read the text, come to class and take notes - it's that simple. Somewhat difficult to figure out what he's looking for in an essay but will clarify if you ask him.
Easy A if you take all the online quizzes. All of his lectures and powerpoints are put onto blackboard at the beginning of the semester.
The class was pretty easy, aslong as you showed up for class and read the material you are set. Tests were open note and most of the answers could be found in the power points that he lectured from. He is very nice but if you disagree with him on something he just sticks with what the law says.
Super easy, but I haven't learned a thing, and I want to be a CJ major! I should either start studying on my own, or just take the class again with a different teacher. He's made our exams open book, so it's not even worth trying at this point. The only reason you have to show up to class is when he starts giving random 5 pt worksheets.
The class would be very difficult if he did not allow notes on the tests. He does what he can to help students get through the class by giving extra credit. I would take him again, but the tests would be very difficult without open notes.
this. class. is. AWESOME. i hated math and he convinced me to become a math major. he doesn't use a book and his methods are different, but in terms of pure mathematics, it's the best you can get. the people below who were 'good at math' clearly weren't if they didnt do well. if you want an easy A, steer clear, but take if you truly love math.
He's not a bad guy. He's really sweet and tries to help. The course itself is confusing though. No attendance policy, no homework, no book, extra credit for exams...you wont die through it. I never go to class ever and I'm pulling a B
I love this man. He is hillarious and so happy all the time BUT...The course is a very scary and evil thing. The "nature" of mathematics basically means the beginning of math and how it was done PRE-calculator...Really, not a good choice
Is completely crazy but knows his stuff
Hilarious guy, real fun. Huge curve, tough to understand in class, but you'll have to work outside to retain anything.
Dr. Legates is a solid professor. The material he teaches is dry and boring, but he uses his dry sense of humor to make it at least a little more engaging. There are 3 exams that are pretty difficult, but the labs are easy and will boost your grade. He posts all the slides online
Every class is a boring lecture that puts you to sleep. Theres hours and hours of reading every week. The essay questions he gives are so vague that it's hard to get a good grade on them. Overall, don't take this class. I felt like I had no more free time because all of my time and energy was being put into this class and I got nothing out of it.
Good prof, but lectures are pointless. The multiple-choice questions on the tests are word for word from the book. In other words, READ! The paper and presentation are easy, just make sure you are in a good group.
Lectures are boring and she goes off on pointless tangents. Exams are hard and are based on the book and not at all on the lectures. Lots of projects/teamwork too.
Everything is straight from the book. She loves to talk about herself though.
He is a really knowledgeable professor. Homework and labs are really easy, but test can be pretty lengthy and hard. The only really downside is if you go to him for help, he really doesn't help you that much...or makes you feel like he is to busy to help you and gives the impression that you are stupid. Overall, he is a decent professor.
He is a very knowledgable man, even though he does tend to ramble and gets off track. He was also unorganized, but he knew it was a problem and was very fair while trying to fix his mistakes. Overall, I learned a lot. He helped a lot with any questions I had and provided HUGE amounts of extra credit for anyone that needed to bring their grade up.
This teacher was awesome. I absolutley loved his class, because he was a bit unconventional and he didn't spoon feed you your A's and B's, he made you work for them while still making sure the material was understood. He's a funny guy if you know how to take a joke, a bit disorganized, and I would certainly recommend him.
speaks english, but not a great explainer
Halsell seems to be a hit or miss among students. You either love her or you don't. This class isn't easy, and she makes you work for your grade. Her tests are difficult but usually applies a curve because the averages are usually in the 60's. LOTS of little assignments to help out your grade, also lots of group work. Take her if you can.
She's absolutely brilliant, nice, hilarious, and an amazing lecturer (when she lectures), but I hated this class. I don't know what it is with JMU's biology department, but the group work has to stop. This class was solely based on group work all the way up until the final which was the hardest thing I've ever take. I would not recommend.
genetics is just a hard subject. she's not bad outside of class. she comes off as cold in class, but she's actually funny (she makes fun of herself!) and really nice. she loves her drosophila! it's not what i expected but it was a nice challenge.
Very easy tests as long as you study the materials; also give take home tests and have to do research papers but they are all easy as long as you do exactly what he wanted. Very nice and easy going.Response very promptly thru emails if you have questions. recommend taking this prof. grades very fairly.
Mr.K is a very helpful teacher. He's always willing to help. He uses different ways to explain the concept for u, but sometimes i think his class is kind of boring because he spend too much time explaining the basic stuffs.
If you don't attend class, you will not pass. This professor gives 6 point notecards each and they are not easy questions- you definitely have to pay attention in class or you will not receive a good grade on the notecard and that's the most important part aside from 2 group projects that are also horrible and is 13+ people in each group.. Bad idea
He is so passionate about what he is teaching and he is really nice. He has some cool stories if you actually listen. The midterm was easy if you study and you have daily notecards to fill out! He also offers extra credit. The topic is really boring but he is a great guy and makes it more interesting.
A LOT of studying for only a few questions on each exam. Only grades are exams and an essay, so study hard. Don't bother reading the whole chapters, just wait till he posts the terms online and then look for them and type up notes for each term. Did this and got an A. Don't forget the online notes, he likes to sneak questions from them onto exams.
If there's an option involved DO NOT take him! It's a two hour class and he talks the whole time! It's boring! He gives you 20 minutes at the end of class to take the exam and then rushes you! It a "weed out" class for sure! I read the book, notes and went to every class and was still lost when I took the exam. If your bad at tests don't take him!
He knows his stuff, no doubt, but I would zone out because of boredom. I hated the class, personally. Study hard for the exams and try to pay attention. The papers and commentaries aren't hard...just be detailed and write well and you should do fine. He's tough too...don't try to turn anything in late!
if you dont show up for class, you WILL NOT pass the tests. he does post's notes online but they are confusing if you didnt go to lecture. oh, and he WILL lecture for 2hours, with a nice 5 min break in between :/
the papaer that is due at the end of the semester is graded so easy you'll love the guy. class is boring though unless you like to watch movies.
Dr. Allison is a nice guy that makes class somewhat interesting. He is very experienced with the material, and has worked with many of the students that he lectures about, which makes what he is saying a lot more interesting and reliable. The tests aren't that hard, there are some essays which aren't too bad, and in class activities. Overall good
The content was somewhat boring and lengthy, but he is interested in the subject so that helps keeps your attention. He moves quickly through the lectures, so take a laptop to take notes or you'll miss things. The class is entirely based on points, nothing is weighted, which is kind of nice. There is a tutoring option for extra credit too!
The material is a bit much for the course and the tests are pretty hard. However, if you attend class, do the labs (not just a touch and go), read, and focus on the lecture material given, you will be fine. Microscope slides (in lab) make up majority of the tests. Very knowledgeable prof who does care!
Good class and interesting reading. Hard to get an A in his class unless you study forever. The exams are essays and you know the possible questions a week in advance- problem is that each question is a half a page long and very complicated.
Very nice guy. His classes were pointless though, i stopped going after the first test, and just got the review study guide. There's some computer exercises and west wing papers you have to do, but it wasn't too bad. 4 exams, drops the lowest one. =)
VERY HARD AND BORING....funny man on exam days, but unless ur a polysci major--dont take this class...take history!!! its really difficult unless u eat breathe and live gov't
Definitely easy and helps keep you awake at 8am. Don't take if you're easily offended though, his stories are OUT THERE
This class isnt necessarily difficult on the material its just a lot of work on the assignments. There are four unit assignments which will range from 5-10 pages each, a final paper 8-12 pages, quizzes for each unit as well as a 200 question final. Doable if you put the correct amount of time in, but excessive in some parts. Textbook is needed.
She is very passionate about the subject, but the class is so boring. It's kind of nice to learn about ISAT at first, but then it goes off into some random stuff about thinking certain ways. The work/homework isn't hard just very long and tedious. Lots of group work which is nice.
Not sure why GEOG 355 isn't on here but don't take her GPS class if you have a hard semester. Working with the GPS units is fun but there is a long end of year project that will take all of your time. She is a very nice person but it is unclear what she wants from you at points. This class should honestly be reserved for grad school.
This is not a bad class at all. It doesn't require much work or studying. I got an A- and I only studied the night before each test and I did the paper the night before it was due. The class is kind of boring, but it's a pretty easy gen-ed. I definitely recommend it.
I learned a lot from her class, but she's really tough. I think she has a Dr. Jeckyll personality disorder. But all the stuff I learned was really cool and I'll take another class with her.
Professor Alsabbagh overall is good professor his lectures are pretty straightforward, encourages participation, and provides some well written notes. He even tries to crack a few jokes which helps because class can get dull. But he is tough a grader, a bit cagy when asked for help, and he can be hard to understand. Just make sure to read the notes
confusing. but he is helpful if you talk to him one on one.
helpful but told my friend he was going to be a failure and i didn't like that
I did not do well in this class because the grade is based on tests and quizzes, and i suck at math!! Terry is a cute old man, and I really enjoyed him, but he isnt the best prof....sorry terry!!
Class lectures are a little boring but if you go for the un announced quizes and go to lab you should do fine. turn in the labs and projects and do myitlab.
The mandatory attendance is due to quizes and lab times. He likes to talk about himself a lot but if you show up and do your projects you'll get a decent grade. Each lab is only worth about 1% of your overall grade so if you miss one or two you'll be fine.
I loved his attitude- even though at times he can be a cranky old man.. ha ha. He doesn't really require a textbook. LOTS of notes! I loved his classes... I just didn't always agree with him.
His tests are really difficult because you never know how well you did.
His class is hard.There's about a quiz, sometimes 2 every week.The quiz's are hard and the tests are hard.What he says is going to be on the tests, its usually not on the test.
Nice guy, but boring and does not give enough time for group projects
Tests are not too difficult if you pay attention in class and study the powerpoint slides. The video project requires some effort but is worth it, especially for the Beute's (award ceremony at the end of the semester). Definately the best psych teacher at Creighton.
Very nice guy, approachable and wise. Knows his stuff! However, some of the reading material is kind of dated. It was difficult to determine what he wanted on One of his heavily weighted assignments and I received a poor grade on the assignment. If you need help, he will try to provide it for you. Some of his tests are also hard but use study guide
I found him to be a good professor I don't know why other people are obsessed about him. The only thing he requires a certain level of attention that you have to show. Also, I was ok with his accent.
Professor Grenquist is my favorite professor at wentworth. You learn so much in his class, the man is a genius. He is also hilarious! I highly recommend him.
Honestly, at the beginning of the semester I disliked Prof Gross pretty heavily. I didn't like his teaching style and his work felt very spread out. Throughout the semester he grew on me and it really isn't to hard to learn from him. I think once you figure out his teaching style the class becomes clearer. He is decently nice. Tough grader though.
Honestly, I went into this class dreading it because I've never been good at math. Just go to class because he gives pop quizzes and in class assignments that really help boost your grade. Try to sit towards the front because he tends to talk quietly. I'm really glad I had him because I ended up with an A-.
Very nice guy, and is more than willing to help during office hours. but his teaching is not always clear and is hard to learn from. i learned primarily from the book and then asked him questions during office hours.
strange guy...material is not very clear but he is willing to help in office hours...i did not like this class, exams were hard.
don't take him unless you have a good math knowledge. goes through lecture quickly, but the class itself is easy. lots of worksheets and stuff to raise your grade. drops 5 lowest grades. VERY EASY CLASS. nice guy
Professor Gross knows what he's doing in math, and is intelligent, but his teaching skills could be better. Tests are somewhat hard but fair, and the pace of his class is pretty quick.
A tough grader, grades comparing you to other students, no As for effort. Maybe a bit too tough for 100 level, but I didn't feel unjustified with any of my grades. I learned a lot.
Jane is very sweet and thoughtful. Sometimes she's frustrating because she gets sidetracked and you end up waiting around a lot for individual help, but I learned a lot in her classes.
Tends to stuff a lot of information into each class. We breezed through roughly a century of 'Modern Design' in a semester. Expect to about 150 images and artists per exam. Tests are multiple choice, but it didn't help much when the only grade aside from the 4 tests were small attendance assignments to make sure you were in class each day.
I failed her Stats class. I took it again, and went to tutoring and actually went to class. I still struggled but I got a B! She's a tough grader and she expects a lot, but she's not out to fail people. Definitely don't take her classes if you plan to half-ass it.
Well, she isnt my favorite prof. but she is one of the better ones. I took her for summer soc. and she is very fast paced-take notes! i know her accent's really hard to understand sometimes, but she tries.
Prof Yang is always willing to demonstrate the forms if you don't understand or are having problems. Her main flaw is that sometimes she doesn't explain things well, so those demonstrations are key-- watch her like a hawk, and copy her movements. Added bonus: the class is 70% based on attendance.
First 20 minutes of every class he asks about current events and discusses, then the last 30 minutes he lectures. He tells it like it is and is entertaining, he takes attendance if the less than half the class shows up (for extra credit) The tests are hard but I got a B in the class and never read the book, just get a study group together IT HELPS!
It was a fun class to go to, but we didn't really learn much in the lectures. Usually we'd go through about 40 minutes of current event and then his 10 minute rant about Hilary Clinton. He's funny though, and if you pick a fight, make sure you have 100% concrete evidence that you can cite. Read the book, you'll pass easily.
I took Dr. Ball for 101, 203, and 206. You will learn a lot from him. However, if you don't like to think for yourself, forget it. He challenges students to think about side of the box, and most people have a problem with that. He uses the text book a lot and contradicts what it is saying so that you can hear two sides to what you're learning.
Dr Ball is definatly worth taking. You will learn a new way to argue. He has his own style, thats for sure. Current events are a huge deal to him and most of the class is spent on current things. Hint - find old tests!
This class was very easy for me, but math is easy for me as well. A lot of older people had trouble. He gets confused a lot and isn't very clear about the instructions on what to do. I basically taught myself. Chef Muth is VERY knowledgable but sometimes is too smart for people who are struggling.
I don't really know how he is in person but he does communicate well through email. Make sure to not fall behind in the timeline that he gives you, otherwise it's pretty simple. That's coming from someone who is good at math though, but I still recommend if you want to take an online course.
Elaine was a great teacher. She 100% knows her material top to bottom. Her lectures are VERY detailed be sure to take thorough notes otherwise you may be led astray. Be very detailed in your answers on every assignment and test. Take advantage of the study guides and reviews and be sure to ask questions if you don't understand. Good luck!
You can tell she loves geology. She is a good teacher but, her exams are fairly difficult. The class average for most exams were around a high C or low B. If you show up to every class, do all of the labs, and study somewhat for the exams you should get at least a B. She may not be for everyone but, I would take another class with her.
Professor Webster is a quirky old guy. He tends to go off on tangents and mumbles to himself, but his personality makes the class enjoyable. Tough grader, but allows rewrites on all papers. Grade is based off of in-class participation, 2 papers, a midterm, and a final. Doesn't use BlackBoard so you have to keep track of your grade yourself.
Professor Webster takes a seemingly boring subject and creates interest with his enthusiasm and passion for English. You barely need to do the readings, just make sure you participate in the daily writing assignments and you'll do fine. EASY midterm and final. 1 paper due after the midterm. He's super laid back and adjusts the course to fit the class. Definitely recommended.
she is very hard if you are not organized also strict and wants things a certain way but i learned a lot and she is funny. do the journals!! there are many but they are super easy!! i would def take her again! she is helpful and very clear with what she wants. if your not lazy and check blackboard you should do fine
If you stuggle with typing good papers, dont take this class with her as a teacher.
Ms. B is very demanding with all of her assignments. All of the work she gives you is do-able but lengthy so be prepared to do a lot of writing (some are meaningless). On the bright side Ms. B is very down to earth and is good for laugh or two.
this woman is soooooo unfair. the workload sucks. the class would be decent if she did not have all the papers going on at the same time like she does. i would not take this class with her at all cost.
she is a good teacher if u like to learn history, her study guides are good, although her t/f tests are often tricky and some of the questions are never covered in class and i have had her twice unfortunately and these were two of the hardest classes to get a good grade in.
Her class is interesting, and I enjoy listening to her..most of the time..Her tests are hard! They are all t/f, but she words them herself and they differ from the book! I'm learning a lot from her, just not doing to well on the tests. The study guides are kind of irrelevent to the tests as well. Overall=okay teacher.
Maybe it was my classmates, but i LOVED my class with Towers. The aura of the class was very comfortable and interactive. Loved the people, the material and his teaching style. He's very easy going and i would take a class from him any time.
He's a really sweet and funny guy. His test are pretty easy too if you've read and reread before the test. He makes things interesting at times with his odd quirks and ideas.
Lectures were very boring and very unorganized. He rarely talked about anything that was relevant to the class, just about random things. He doesn't outline his expectations for assignments very clearly. Did not use the book. He does factor attendance into your grade. Tests were take home tests. Overall a very boring class but an extremely easy A.
He's a pretty cool guy. Very interesting to speak to. But he talks a lot and goes on tangents and honestly its annoying when you're trying to pass his class. But he will tell you that everything you need to know for tests and quizzes will be used in every lecture and its TRUE. pay attention, and do ALL OF YOUR ASSIGNED HOMEWORK.
He's an awesome professor. He won't tell you any EC over blackboard so make sure you show up. He even gives you all the answers to the tests so if you study and do the homework you'll pass no problem.
He knows his stuff, told interesting stories. My 3 hour class flew by.
I really enjoyed this class! Yes, Garbowitz is ECCENTRIC to say the least, but listen to what he says and trust me, you will do fine in his class. His class is always interesting and his lectures are never boring. There's some group work and not too much homework, (2 papers, 1 optional mid-term, and 1 final paper).
I found her class to be very interesting, much better than my 101 class. She's a very excited and sarcastic person, but I found her to be very entertaining. She's very helpful, easy to get a hold of with questions, and uses blackboard (thank god!) Also allows re-writes on all of the papers except the final. Overall, good teacher.
She is intimidating at times. She talkes a lot and after she is done talking I often had to ask myself okay now what exactly am I supposed to do? Her instructions were not clear. The good thing is that if you do poor on a paper she lets you redo it for a better grade. She is very picky on papers but she shows you your mistakes. I learned a lot
She was fun and had interesting insights into the pieces of literature we examined. Despite those positives she put a lot of emphasis of jumping through hoops rather then the quality or content of ones thoughts. The funny thing is she knows this?
This prof class is EASY!! She does lecture the entire time, I mean to the last minute. She does tell a ton of stories, which aren't bad at all. You get 15 bonus points if you only miss 1 class. She gives practice test on blackboard; just study these and you'll pass no problem. I didnt buy the book and recieved an (B+) in the class. Saves u 150.00!!
In general, he's a nice guy. If he corrects you on a problem you did wrong, he WILL make you feel stupid. He has a tendency to talk down to his students even if they have a good grade in the class. MA107 is an Aleks based course, meaning it's all online. We met three times per week, but you only need to show up on fridays because he gives quizzes.
easy class. doesn't require homework to be turned in, but i recommend doing it. prof. sammons is pretty easy to get along with. i liked him, but at the same time i can see why some others didn't. but like i said, the class is easy so if you're looking for an easy A, well, dana's your man.
Very nice person. She creates a great environment in class. This is communication, but not where u have to speak in front of class, just with the people around u. Easy A with decent effort. The papers and quizzess are easy. Her tests are fairly tough, but she is a fair grader. Tests require a good amount of studying. I'd recommend her to anyone.
Do not buy the textbook! I only touched it to move it out of my way! You learn most things online, then do worksheets in class. Attendance isn't mandatory but you sometimes get in class worksheets that are due for credit. Do the study guides and go to class if you questions, and the overall class was easy.
Very nice lady. Easy class. Explains things that NEED to be learned in math. A lot of times there are like 234234 ways to do math problems...she will go over the quickest and easiest way. Sometimes she messes up...okay it was a lot times.. and students have to fix her mistakes, but I mean who doesn't in math. Take her for sure.
Honestly I don't have much to say about Professor Spoelman, he was never present during this whole year. While this may be partially due to this being an online course, he never made an effort to touch base or get feedback from the students. If you're a visual learner or need assistance from teachers reconsider because he teaches solely off videos!
I really enjoyed Mr. Spoelmans class. He is funny, and makes sure you understand the concepts before moving on to the next topic. He explains everything in terms you can understand, lets you know what are on exams.
He made this class extremly boring. The last 6 weeks of the course were practically a joke. He has stupid totally not funny stories to share with the class. But he knows what he is talking about whenever he talks accounting.
just make sure you pay attention...goes from being goofy to serious in a second
She is a very nice person and all, but her class was impossible. She flew through all of the material and was more concerned about being on schedule with her syllabus than concerned with if everyone in the class got what we were doing.
great teacher, great advisor. he really knows the field, and will answer any questions you have. don't be intimidated, he's really great guy!
she is a very nice person. i just do not find her to be very helpful in explaining the homework before we have to do it. i wish she would have better test reviews as well.
She seems pretty nice, but she gets really impatient. Kinda irritating.
Interesting class. Easy homework. Nice guy.
Prof Hower is decent, however she gets off topic ALOT in class, which was annoying. This class was a very easy A for it being stats though. labs each week that you could complete during class, preprinted notes, and a few tests with cheat sheets for each one. If you studied the night before you would do fine on tests.
Professor Hower is a solid choice for STA 215, but she tends to get distracted and go off on tangents a lot during her lectures. The lectures are average, and if you want to absorb the material you'll really have to actively pay attention, or else you'll find yourself teaching yourself from notes a lot. She's very sweet, and cares if you learn.
This class is easy which is good. She lets you use your homework on the quizzes which are questions from the homework itself so if you do the homework ahead of time, you've basically already taken the quiz. Only downfall is she talks too much about things that have nothing to do with the class which can be annoying and boring.
lots of homework, difficult class, she goes fast but will help you if you ask
good prof. talks a little fast very willing to help though
Dr. Bruggink is a great guy who has done really cool research. Many people say his lectures are boring but I enjoyed them and learned a lot, you just have to turn your brain on. His tests are long answer and you have to be able to apply the concepts you learn- really tough but that's the whole point right?
Well the class is not easy and he sure doesn't seem to make it any easier. I don't think he's a bad teacher he just is very nit picking about his exams, over things that don't really matter in the end, it's Ecology.... But I think most people really just think the class should be easy when it is a 200 level class and maybe you should work harder.
This was an easy class seriously all the tests were on blackboard. He talks about race every class which is annoying but he is nice. I would get him as a teacher. He cares about his students.
I've had him for two classes now, did none of the readings, and got an A in both. He's easy. I'm also a history major with some general knowledge of what he teaches. Most of class he just wanders off to random subjects..not what you are covering...but his exam reviews are basically the test. If you get a bad grade, that is completely YOUR FAULT!
She is very tough. She knows her stuff though. She tries to make things fair, even if it is hard, but she doesn't explain things clearly or slow enough.
You might think you are not doing that well in his class but when he gives you your grades you will see very different. I thought I had a low B but I than saw I had an A going into the final! He curves, is very nice, doesn't take attendance but can be boring. Take him if you aren't crazy about math but want a good grade.
the material is easy but the tests are hard and count for a lot. Not the best teacher but he tries. 4 big tests, and usually a pop quiz atleast every week(each one only counts for 10 points). Doesnt take attendance
Decent professor. Sometimes go off and you have no clue what's going on. Other than that, grades fairly easy and is a nice guy.
Can be a bit boring but worth it in the end. I am bad in math and recieved an A in his class. Gives small 5 question quizes everyday and counts the 10 highest grades at the end of the semester. No midterm, only a final which is exactly like the quizes
This guy is so easy! Only 4 essays for the entire semester! Such a slack off class that I didnt even take him seriously! If you do not get an A in this class, you are on a higher level of idiot! He has been teaching for some time now if you really want to learn English, take Abbey but hey Ro-bo is good too!
VERY easy class. You basically never have to show up. The powerpoints are exactly what the tests are, so once you have the powerpoint notes then dont bother showing up except for test days. the only points are from the tests. he gives extra too! He is a very boring teacher though
There are a lot of quizzes here. There is one everyday, possibly even 3 in a day. But, one will always be a video quiz, open note and book. One might be a qiuz on how to use a program, and that can be taken with the program open. And one is reviewed for 2 days before. Overall I like this class.
I really liked him. Show interest, do your work, use study guides, u'll be fine.
A pretty good teacher, but he expects you to remember many details and read between the lines. Instead of quizzing or testing you on the main concepts, he likes to pick out little things like specific verses that you should remember and what corresponds to it. I liked listening to him teach as he was a good teacher, but not taking his tests/quizzes
Great class, very interesting. Tests and quizzes were difficult, but not impossible.
He's and ok professor. Not too interesting but he is very funny. Did not learn much about biology but I did learn a lot on health and genetics. Do assignments and you should be fine with passing the class.
I was the only one in my section to get an A in the class last semester, I am no bio wiz either. Just do the 5 assignments you get and study for the 3 exams. I never read the book, but I paid attention in class and took good notes. Likes to repeat himself and to talk about his family
Really great guy overall, but not clear when explaining things. I only passed with the grade I did because he will bump your grade up by a letter if you don't miss any classes at all. Math is hard, he made it a little tiny bit easier.
He is fine, act like an adult and make sure your phone doesn't ring in class and you will be fine. Someone let their phone ring right after he said he would take phones away for that. The class was not easy, do your homework and attend class and you will earn a descent grade. I took a heavy load that semester so I got a B. I would take him again.
THIS CLASS IS VERY HARD. MOST OF THE TEACHERS AT CAL STATE BAKERSFIELD BLOW. DONT GO THERE. THE ONLY WAY TO PASS IS BY NOT HAVING A LIFE
Yes, he is an EGOMANIAC, but his lectures are some of the most inspiring that I have ever had the pleasure to hear. His class is very difficult and you must take detailed notes and be able to write quickly to pass the exams, but the insight you gain in the end is worth it.
Got to say, his political talks at the beginning of class really bugged me. I got an A in the class through hard work, but he wasn't my favorite professor. Also -- he spent the whole quarter in a feud with the overhead projector! Otherwise, not bad.
She's pretty much the truth. No matter who you take, this class is hard. You have to work hard, reading and outlining the material, outside of class to get anything out of her lectures. She is extremely fair. She tells you to "google" everything. It was annoying to be scolded for not keeping up with current events but other than that, she was cool.
He isn't that bad.. I stressed over this class but that's because I wouldn't study for tests/quizzes. His teaching... ehhh I practiced with the homework, which is online. He is very lenient when it comes to grading. I got all the questions wrong on a quiz but because I used the correct formulas he gave me a 50. The final was easy.
He knows his stuff, does plenty of examples, and never gives pop quizzes.
He's a great prof that knows what he's talking about. His humor is very dry but I think he's hilarious bc of it. Gives many chances for ec and is great for wrt 150.
He's a really good professor for the class...I'm really glad I had him for it. I just wich he would give actual due dates for the papers....
He is an amazing professor but you need to work for your grade. The readings and lectures hardly go together but you must know all of the material (book and lectures) in order to pass the class. On the first day he will ask if the class wants 3 or 4 exams. SAY YOU WANT FOUR! Exams are the only thing your grade is based off.
Brian comes off strong but has many, interesting stories to tell. You'll often be left in silence after his lectures. Class is SUPER tough and if you fall behind on the readings you're screwed. Class attendance is a must because you won't understand the notes if you don't go. Hardest class I've ever taken, but I'm taking him again next semester.
The first day he comes off really hard but you will eventually get to love him. He makes class interesting and i genuinely enjoyed going. You MUST do the readings if you want to do well. I learned this the hard way. Although he does give you a good amount of time to complete them. Your grade is based only on the exams. Would take him again.
He basically makes you hate him the first week of class, but you will love him later on. He is extremely smart, can be super funny, his lectures are really interesting to sit through and has great stories. Show up, don't be late, turn off your phone, he makes you read everything & his exams are really hard but he curves. You'll love this class tho.
He's cool. Don't be put off by the first week. Keep up with the readings.
Definitely do the readings but he's very clear on what he wants.
God forbid we have to read:) He comes on a little strong but its just to entertain us and to weed out the lazy ones. I wouldnt take him when you have other hard classes or major time constraints because you will do poorly or atleast not stellar. If you can you should take him atleast once. I think he's a good prof and honestly has good intentions.
His lectures are motivating and inspiring, giving the hard-nosed material a foundation in everyday life. However, these lectures do not always cover the material, and there is a lot to cover, so students may have a difficult time in this class if they don't read.
knows his stuff, but also thinks his stuff doesn't stink
very angry man with major chip on his shoulder. he doesn't lecture, he rants.
going to class and groups are interesting. the tests are hard to study for because the questions are so scattered. all notes are online so going to class isnt really required except you must go to the groups. not a bad class.
Do the crosswords, read the book, and buy the extra book, then the tests will be easy...otherwise, you're screwed
The lectures are very interesting and he does know his stuff. However, the amount of material you need to know is insane and tests are unreal. cool guy though
Gross is a tough Professor, but his class isn't impossible. I will say I had to teach myself almost all of the material because his lectures didn't help. There is homework given every class and the tests are difficult. I managed to pass by studying and teaching myself. Try finding another Prof if you can.
Only criticism I would give is that while he's doing lectures, he won't finish proofs expecting students to understand how to do them. HW is not mandatory but it will definitely help you succeed in the class. I found that out the hard way and started doing homework towards the end of the semester to understand concepts.
Overall, he knows the material well, and he knows how to teach. Do the WebAssign, that will help a lot, because if you are not a strong test taker, then the WebAssign will help your grade. My issue was I went to him for help, but he really did not help me that much. His handwriting on the board is not easy to read so taking notes is a hassle.
He gets down to business and he's no nonsense. Honestly, I felt the material is unbelievably easy but I love math. Take all the notes and do the book problems right before the test as practice, you'll get an A.
I'm NOT a math person and I got an A. The subject is really easy and he could make the tests and quizzes a lot harder but he doesn't. He really wants you to do well, though he doesn't seem it. He's socially awkward and seems mean and unnaproachable, but he really isn't if he knows you try and really need his help. Has his rude moments, but NOT BAD!
The classes are very boring and the way he explains the material is confusing. The tests are pretty hard, but quizzes and assignments are easy. The final is a cumulative departmental exam.
this guy is an pretty good teacher. i sometimes understand him. he can be easy at times, but the same time be pretty hard. he talk soooo loud; sometimes scaring me. take him if you want; it's your choice.
We really didn't get through a lot of material. He might be knowledgable about the subject, but because he feels he has to go through every homework and test problem, we miss about 3 weeks of class that could be spent on the last 3 chapters.
he's a good prof. but he is mean. very mean. i had him first semester frosh year, and i went to see him once and i almost cried. but he really teaches the material.
Looks like some people needed to read their books. I read and got an A. Yes, very calculator oriented, but its better than paying $100 bucks and NOT learning how to use it. He's a good professor trying to teach a difficult subject. Enjoy Oregon!
Stay AWAY!!! I am now calculator dependent but have no clue what I have learned in his class. A+ review helps but is not entirely the solution. A better professor is the right solution. LAZY he is damn him.
The tests are much but you get used to it. I would just print out his pdf's and highlight them because the answers are in them verbatim. Take notes on the music and what you hear because you have to name the artist. I would take this over an in class ge any day. Be resourceful is my biggest tip ;)
Honestly, I took this class just for an easy ge and it definitely is not a breeze. I mean sure it's doable but way too much work. 50 question exam EVERY WEEK and a final. No book, just previously recorded lectures and video clips of music that you have to identify in the exam. Got an A, but I regret taking this class.
quizzes and tests are all online... class attendance mandatory when u have to go.. but if you print out the practice questions throughout the notes you will ace the quizzes and tests..not given enough time to complete the midterm/final(1 hr) but if you look through your notes enough you will do fine
Prof is cool, this class is really boring but you could miss every class and still get an a. 4 tests each with 30 songs that you have to identify (not as hard as it sounds i learned all the songs the night before). The book part is harder, pay attention to artist details. 1 concert review, really not that hard. I got a b+ only bc of the book work.
Passionate about music but you never have to go to class. All info is online. Online quizzes after every class but you can take them anytime before the midterm/final. You have 24 hours to complete the 1 hour midterm/final. All questions from quizzes, so either write them down or print them out to help. EASY A- TAKE HIM!
Really nice professor! attending class is not mandatory. 10 concerts and 4 test. you just need to study and memorize the songs then you will do fine.
You need to listed to a lot of music so accordingly you buy a five dics CD set, the first test was the hardest because it dealt more with terminology and very few questions delt with the music. Half of the tests are listening to 30 seconds of music and choosing the title of the song, the rest of the tests were about the composers & other hard stuff
If you are taking Music 151 you will have 3 diffrent teachers during the semester. When you get Yeager his class is online so the only time you would see him is on test day. To be Honest I hated this class but I went to most of the extra credit and I got a A. So as long as you go to the concert series and extra credit you will FOR SURE pass
If you are taking Music 151 you will have 3 diffrent teachers during the semester. When you get Yeager his class is online so the only time you would see him is on test day. To be Honest I hated this class but I went to most of the extra credit and I got a A. So as long as you go to the concert series and extra credit you will FOR SURE pass
i learned two things, dont do drugs and bob hope's wife is a b***h, go to the extra credit, listening parts of the tests are easy.
extremly easy class. pay attention in class and do the homeworks. you would have to try to not get a good grade. brings food into class all the time too!!
He is quite passionate, but felt more like a politics class than history. I took this hoping for an easy GE, but it certainly is not that. Many easy but time-consuming assignments. Clicker points graded on accuracy and are based on very long readings, so majority of people end up guessing. Not difficult if you are willing to put in a lot of time.
Tons of extra credit. No midterms/final, just 2 essays. Quizzes are hard, but only worth 15 points each. Clicker is used for participation/attendance. He will keep you the whole time if it's a one day a week class. But easy B+ forsure if you do everything & smewhat try.
This class isn't a typical history class. The prof is pretty disorganized, the quizzes are hard BUT if you work with him he is happy to give extra points. There is no real way to fail this class even if you fail all the quizzes. He gives tons of extra credit, the final is a take home paper. But he is very unorganized which makes the class difficult
If your looking for an easy A that meets a GE requirement then this is it. Do the extra credit(which tends to be quite interesting) skim read for quizzes,and you'll be fine. p.s. don't email him for help unless you ABSOLUTELY need it,he can dock you points for asking 'stupid' questions
A lot of outside videos to watch in the media center, and quite a bit of reading and writing. 6 small quizes and he offers ec credit. Final is a take home essay. Interesting class but Prof. Nobiletti is pretty unorganized however he is very passionate about his subject and makes himself available to help students. Grades are posted really late.
Nobiletti is a kind guy. That being said his class is not as easy as people make it out to be. You MUST do the readings prior to the quizzes. Read everything in the books too, because it is hard to tell what he will pick for the quizzes. He doesn't follow his syllabus very well, it's hard to know where you stand in the class. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT!
I think this subject is too close to home for him to teach. He really cares about the subject and very knowledgeable, but he gets easily offended. there's a lot to read. 6 quizzes and 2 papers; also video critiques. it is interesting, but he does get off topic easily. Overall a nice guy and a reasonable class
This class was not what I expected. Like the person before me said, its more about gay sexuality rather than the history. He is a nice guy, but can get frustrated easily. He stands @ the podium & lectures the whole time, which isn't my style. Once you figure out how the class works, its not too bad. Take home mid term and final, which was nice =)
He is a knowledgeable teacher, but he just throws so much information at you that it is impossible to learn all that you see in and outside of class. He should choose only the most important subjects and focus on them. He also makes you buy like five books which you arent going to be able to read completely.
Gardner was passionate about material, but does not prepare you for exams at all. Everyone was blindsided by exam 1 because she makes everything seem like it's gonna be a cake walk then exam time you are like "what". You will do fine as long as you show up to class and read the textbook. Emphasis on the textbook, that is what prepares you for exams
Very easy class as long as you browse the text and attend class. Most of the text is discussed in class and tests are open book, open notes. Very sweet professor. Very wise.
Great lecturer, but come prepared, he'll surprise you with questions. Lots of reading, lots of books to buy. Always have to do presentations. Extremely liberal professor, but his lectures are very interesting and entertaining.
He really has one of the biggest Ego's i've ever seen from a professor. He has a very "ole miss" like persona about him. avoid if possible.
Look up the youtube video yantek. This class is hard but you should take it and you will be better for it. there is a high chance you disagree with him and thats ok. try to learn from this...
I hated this class and was glad as long as I passed. He was a sarcastic man who I did not find helpful at all. This class was boring!
Political economy is not a very interesting subject to me, but I thought it was a pretty decent class. You really couldnt tell about his politics I though.
In an effort to get the class to participate Professor Terrel remains vague purposely. He is inspiring students to think for themselves.This is one of the few classes I have attended that class discussion is encouraged.
Cy is a good teacher his class isn't that hard if you go. You are allowed to use your notes and the books on the exams. His class is not mandatory to attend but I recommend you do it makes it a lot easier to pass the exams, which are all true false including the final.
He is a very funny teacher, which makes you want to come to class. His exams are hard to understand but they are all 25 questions true or false. The take home final is worth 100 points, if you get together with a group of people you can work on it together. The in class final is 75 questions true or false. 50 50!
Good gosh. I have never had such an easy class. The tests are all true/false!! Honestly! How can you fail?? He gives you a take-home final for god's sake! If you don't understand him, I suggest expanding your vocab. He *does* use some higher level language, but no more than is expected of college students. Too bad he's retiring soon.
He is very passionate. Uses difficult language on tests to trick you. Pretty fair
This class contains a lot of writing assignments. Study guides are to be hand written and scanned in order to submit. Essays are due every other week and require a sense of the understanding for the essay questions. Quizzes are very easy to pass. All of the answers are on the chapter notes that he provides.
He never gave a clear grading rubric and would take off .3 points with no feedback whatsoever. His tests were thrown together and he made a lot of errors yet his students pay the price for it. He gives students one day to take tests which is very frustrating as students struggle between other class schedules and work schedules.
Classical Sociological Theory was an interesting class he knows who attends class and who texting, so you have to pay attention. The class has 4 quizzes, 1 paper, attendance, 1 extra credit assignment. He grades really hard. TBH I HARDLY read the book that is required and I got a (B+) on the assignment paper. Other than that the class is fine.
Extremely biased, arrogant,condescending, and rude. If you do not agree with his point of view, he will not like you. I think professors should keep their personal beliefs to themselves, and not preach to their students. Teach the subject matter, and don't stand up there with your nose in the air! Yeah you Beeman.
One of the best teachers/professors I have ever had in my life. A world renowned academic, nice guy and a passionate historian. Sound boring? Not really. His class is probably the only class I'd attend if I didn't have to. It's just so damn interesting. Take his class and you'll automatically love college.
Take this class! somedays are boring and some are very interesting! GO TO CLASS AND DON"T LEAVE EARLY. He does random quizzes, sometimes multiple in a class. Very easy though. easy tests, easy presentation. Use the book twice so try to share w/ someone!
This class is weird! It's all about how to be a good manager and it all seems pretty obvious. Lots of self-help exercises. He does random attendance via group quizzes. Get to use notes on the test, but I'm not sure if they helped or not. 1 big group project/presentation that was pretty easy. Overall, this was another lame required business course.
Chill teacher. Must go to class because he has activities for points all the time. Allows notes for tests. Midterm, final and group presentation. Need book.
I didn't really learn all that much in this class except from the little self tests that you do in there. There is one midterm, one final, and one project. Make sure you have a good group. He lets you have a sheet of notes (front&back) for the tests, but they are still extremely hard with questions that we don't even cover in class!
This class was fun and pretty interesting. He was a cool teacher and wasn't boring. It wasn't too difficult to get an A. He allows 1-3 pages of notes to use on the test, they must be handwritten though but really help. You should go to class for random super easy attendance points. The assessments are fun and useful. I recommend taking him.
Interesting topics & class can be interesting and thought provoking, but he is also very rigid, full of himself, and doesn't allow for creativity. Do exactly what he wants to get a good grade. Preaches empowerment, but doesn't empower. Exams are long, but put everything on cheat sheet & be very detailed. Unapproachable but will help u. Good luck!
So he has a few ticks. Overall his point is to educate us on how to deal with people and that is definately something you will walk away with. The dream job paper is a good experience and helps you to discover yourself. I admit I have had more involved teachers. If you approach him he will help you. Make sure you are on a strong team.
Great class, great fun, he really lets the students do a lot of the work themselves (which is good for learning, but more work). Funny guy, tends to play favorites a little, though.
Paul is a really nice guy. TOO nice if you're a girl. He bought me coffee and gave me a higher grade than I earned in the class due to my "great smile." Sometimes he can be incoherant and makes mistakes, but ask questions and he'll work with you until you fully understand the material. DO THE HOMEWORK!
Very hard grader. Definitely willing to help you out if you go ask. Keep up on homework and do reviews for tests.
This guy is a hard grader but will make you learn. Not an easy class but he is willing to help. He swears alot and****girls blatantly in class, possibly a ****. would recommend good looking girls travel in packs to his office just to be safe. probably wouldnt recommend this guy
knows his stuff, not fun but that's math
Do NOT take this as a GE unless you are very interested in history or are a history major. Ysursa is a great lecturer and can hold a class' attention, but his grading can be harsh. He even warns students at the start of the semester that his class isn't just easy memorization. If you're a freshman just looking for the credit, move on.
He will treat you like you've never thought critically before. It's not meant to be an insult. He just wants to prepare you to think critically for when you are a teacher! You have to take good notes in this class to make complete arguments.
Very demanding class. He expects a lot. Tons of work and u must think a lot, but well worth it: Not for those who like being fed information: this class is for those who want to learn to analyze and think for themselves! Dr Y is receptive to Q's and is willing to help. Interesting class, entertaining prof. Lots of different learning methods.
This class is odd. It's not a class like "Ok, today we're gonna talk about __ war". It's more like "Is America fundamentally flawed, or fundamentally fine? Why? You decide." Midterm is HARD. It's an essay midterm. I got a C+ and I had one of the higher grades. This class is way too hard for a 100 level class. My stats class was easier than this!
Teaching style is different but fun. Dr.Y is VERY HOT and SUPER FUNNY. Few quizzes but that last take home essay is a killer if you don't start on it right away.
Has a very unique teaching method. He presents two sides of a situation to you, then let's you express your own views. He wants you to pull lessons from history and apply them now. I didn't do well in this class at all and actually kinda hated it, but I can see how some people really liked him and learned a lot.
This class is a breeze until the test. There are two essay test and one final essay. There is no way to know what he wants and it is very confusing. This is supposed to be a history class, well it isn't. Basically you go in there and listen to his pointless lectures, write down eveything and then barely use it for the test. Would not recommend
Great teacher, you learn a lot and it makes you think, fun class
Super easy and the guy is super funny. Definitely recommend this class.
Pretty easy class...make sure you attend class...he doesn't give notes, he lectures. Easy tests and half the time he gives you the answers, don't buy the book (you wont need it). He also takes attendance...go b/c if you miss a day he takes off 1 letter grade per absence.
Only two tests, no paper, no final: easy, easy A. Just do the work, even during class, and you'll get the same. Buy my book even. I sold it back to ECU: has ink stains over it, but it also has most of the answers too. I leanred not to ask questions after the first one I asked)because he is very disrespectful. Don't get caught w/o an answer either!
awesome teacher!I've taken just about every class that he teaches.He really wants students to be in class, and randomly take attendance.Be there and you will get an A
This class is a joke, you can pass this class just by studying the study guides. However, this class will not prepare you for CS310, unless you do all the extra work you will get destroy in CS310
Nice guy, always late to class, easy tests and homework. Can be confusing when he tries to explain concepts.
Easy A in his classes, but if you're majoring in C.S, I suggest you not take his classes. Otherwise, you will have a hard time getting through upper-division C.S classes. What he teaches is too easy. He never replies email.
By no means is Patho an easy class, but Ulak made it much easier to understand. Once you get to know her, you'll learn she is a very sweet lady. The HESI and final were beyond difficult so make sure to have good quiz grades before the final weeks so your grade doesn't plummet. She is always answering emails to help, go to her if you have trouble.
Bloem is very passionate about literature and the refugee crisis. However, she is very disorganized, doesn't give clear expectations, and doesn't appreciate interpretations which differ from her own. She is fun and assigns great readings, but is a bit scattered. She also doesn't post grades so you never really know how you are doing.
She was strict in class attendance. When you come to this class be sure your writing skills are perfect. She assigned lesson plans that she didn't help guide. She was helpful if you talked after class. She is excited and passionate. Be prepared to learn a lot.
I was excited going into this class. Int'l children's lit sounded helpful (for a future elementary ed teacher). However, she focuses so much on the Middle East and fails to represent other countries and continents. In order to participate you need to be up to date with current events. Geography is key in this class. I don't recommend her.
This class is a TON of work!!! BUT... you learn A TON!! I loved the novels.... but again, there's ALOT OF THEM! Bloem is very passionate about this area of study so some of the stuff goes over your head... but she's always in a good mood... so everything evens out. :) I can't stress enough, however, how much work and reading this is!!!
She loves children's lit and is passionate about what she teaches. She's a very nice woman but isn't clear on what she really wants -- and then she grades you down when you don't give her what she wants. Good class, just don't expect an A unless you love the stuff as much as her.
HARD grader....do well on group projects and you should be fine!
very passionate about literature, little unorganized, but not a difficult class
Boring as all hell, bring the crossword to class if you go. First joke of the semester was good, but went downhill from there. Tests straight forward, silly extra credit questions like "how long is a texas rat snake." Bland, monotone, boring as all hell, but an easy A if you do all of your assignments...
Professor German is the best Professor I've had at IU so far. He respects his students, learns everyone's names, and goes out of his way to make sure everyone understands the course material. He is a little confusing, but his willingness to help gives you lots of opportunities to learn. I would, and probably will, take a class from him again.
German is inconsistent with emails and sometimes doesn't follow through with things he says he will, but he does care about his students plenty and will want to help you do well.
German is off da hizzook. Very crazy, easily offended, hilarious. He has repeatedly been more than 30 min late to lab. His teaching style leaves much to be desired, but he definitely is willing to make sure you succeed in his class.
He has his own website with each section, homework, and detailed explanations of the answers of each homework problem. He really cares about the material and is super helpful if you pursue it but asks a lot for non-finance majors. The exams are hard and not a lot of questions so a few wrong can be catastrophic. Go to the exam reviews.
Took this class online, and it's almost impossible to learn in 6 weeks while working. It's not his fault, he tried to make it easy as possible and even changed grading scale to account for learning it so fast. He's a caring teach and tries to get each student to call him regularly. I just wouldn't recommend taking this class online.
This class is BRUTAL to sit through. Everything about the grad assistant on the site that has been said is true. He always makes class go the entire time, however, he will do little to no practice problems at all during the lecture. He just reads his giant paragraph outlines in lecture. He is a way better teacher in his office if you go see him.
This class was a tough one! Hes a super nice guy, but a terrible professor. Lectures were long and his notes were long and hard to use for studying. He has his GA walk around during class and make notes if you are texting, sleeping, doing other work, etc. Only a couple homework assignments but the tests are difficult.
Professor T is a very good guy and enjoys what he does, but his class is terrible. The grading percentages move around and change with the means of the course exams.
Makes stupid jokes so tries to be funny. sometimes he confused me more, really hard to pay attention in class. No book needed to the problems and know them for the tests and you'll do fine. curves depending on how the class does. Overall i recomend
Not too hard if you keep up with the problems
Dr. Woodman is very knowledgeable. However, I have given up my life to anatomy and I am not even going to pass. Vicki and Woodman don't care if you have the flu. You have to come to class or you fail. I passed out and was forced to stay the rest of the lab. Lab sucks. You study so hard to have tags from other chapters and tricky ID questions.
Professor Woodman is a nice guy, but his lectures are very long and very boring making them extremely hard to pay attention to. Lecture exams aren't terrible if you find quizlets with previous exam questions. Lab is a joke. You will study hours on end for a 10 point quiz. Probably one of the most annoying classes I've ever taken
Dr. Woodman gives a great lecture. I personally did not miss a class and did very well in his Anatomy class. About 50% of the questions on every exam can be found on old ones, which are easily attainable if you know anyone who has taken his class before. Lab is the killer though. It is tough to finish with an A if you don't do well in lab.
Very hard class. Woodman is very qualified to teach the subject material, but the class none-the-less is very hard and requires a great amount of dedication
i like him as a person but not his teaching style. he feels the need to rush so much through all the info that i don't get a chance to really understand it all. the tests are pretty ridiculous too.
This class is so boring..I fall asleep every f*ing class
Took her for Women and Crime. She is informative and knows her stuff. Her exams though are kind of wordy and difficult. I took notes and went to every class, but the tests were still difficult. You must read the books she assigned, questions on the exams from them. Liked the class though.
I was 3rd in my class in HS and hated this class. I had to withdraw after getting a 68 on the first exam. It's not easy to get an A, and even an A- would hurt your GPA. Only 4 exams, so if you bomb one, you're toast. Tests are insanely hard. I'm finishing this sem with a 3.95, but if I would have stayed, I probably would have a 3.5. Terrible class.
Lectures are entertaining but the tests are difficult. Especially the listening section.
He is an interesting guy and is always in a good mood. From Ethiopia, but has a very understandable accent. No complaints there. Quizzes for every few chapters and only 2 tests (midterm and final). A few papers that were very easy. The quiz and test questions were a little wordy, so make sure to really know the material. Oh, and go to class.
Somewhat hard to understand, all work is generally easy but tests are VERY hard
Cool, laid back guy. He has an accent but its easy to understand. Quizzes were easy but the exams were tough for me. Just pay attention and studay and u'll be fine.
easy class if you attend regularly. very nice guy. study hard for the tests though. they are tricky.
Crime in the movies was easy and awesome if you love old crime movies. His tests are harder than you'd expect but if you actually do the readings and spend a little time reviewing it isn't bad at all.
The class itself is not too difficult, however his grading is pretty strict. If you make one small mistake you will get hit hard for it. On the bright side he responds to emails quickly and he's helpful with answering questions. His lectures do correlate nicely to the assignments. Overall, not a bad class and it helped me prepare for C291.
He knows what he's talking about, and you'll learn how computers actually work, but there are four 20-page assignments and a final "paper" that was like writing a textbook. His grading is so difficult that almost everyone failed the first assignment. And the second. He curves at the end, but it is nor generous. Do not take if you can avoid it!
I don't know why people are being so hard on Linz. Before each exam she gives you a review sheet that literally has some of the actual test questions on it. If you know those you're guaranteed at least a 2.5 on exams. As for the project her grading was not anything that strayed from the rubric. Follow the reviews and rubrics and you'll do fine.
She's a good professor & passionate about the material, but her exams are hard. Go to class- the slides posted are not enough to understand the material, let alone pass the exams. The class was taught to half undergraduates & half graduate students; grades were separated, but it shows how difficult the material is if it counts as graduate class too
Not my favorite, defintely not an easy A
Yes, he is disorganized and difficult to understand but as tough as he is, he knows his****. Considering the jerks who tend to manage Newspapers or news stations, he is fair practice. He grades ridiculously but makes up for it with an insane amount of bonus points. Don't take him if you're a slacker; take him if you want to learn to write well.
His lecture slides are incredibly complicated and sometimes his lectures don't match up with them. Read the book and extra readings, he loves to ask specific questions from them on the test. Not my favorite teacher, but he wants to see his students do well.
Kitz takes an interest in his students and uses real-life examples to help you understand the material. He is not at all egotistical just because he brings up prior work and who honestly cares how a professor dresses if you learned something that day? Is he the clearest and most organized professor I have ever had? No, but he get the point across.
Has a lot of stories, but tells them over and over and over. Material seems common sense, and he says that only the big picture matters, then tests on specific numbers that are different in his lecture compared to the book. Easy to skip class and still be fine, most lectures seem to sound like the same.
If you manage to make it into his inner circle, you're home free. Like he talks about, he's all about connections and networking so if you connect with him, you shouldn't have a problem with this class. Volunteer when you can and don't expect to get much out of the class. Other than that, the material is basic and self-explanatory.
Even though this is potentially the easiest class Indiana University has to offer, don't listen to anything he says. Winter Meetings? Bullshit. Working Concessions? Not why I came to college. The one thing he lets us know of is who he knows, but not if they know him. If you want 3 credits without going to class, this is the one.
Julie is the only prof for A201, so you're stuck with her. A201 is really hard but she tries to help you understand the basic concepts. But her tests are HARD and you really aren't prepared for them even if you do all the work. I did every single assignment that we had and I still got consistent 70's on the tests.
Very difficult course and many struggle, but if you have taken any accounting in high school, the course may come easier. You do not have to read the textbook, but make sure to extensively review the material and do all optional homework. Utilizing practice problems and reviewing the lectures are much more useful than reading the textbook.
Lectures are boring and not very helpful. Exams are much more difficult than the practice problems given. Make sure to do the online homework as you learn the material and don't wait to do them until the last minute because it can be very time consuming. Some exams had a 60% average. Gave a curve at the end of the class.
The tests are weighted too much, and pretty tough as well. But otherwise she's a nice lady.
She's a good teacher, compare to other teachers here at the school....I suggest you take her than the other ones
IF YOU ARE A CREATIVE AUTHOR AND ENJOY THE CRAFT; STAY AWAY FROM THIS GUY
Draayer teaches all his classes the same way and is extremely easy. He gives you what you need to know to pass the chapter exams. He is pretty cool but needs to make his classes more challenging - a third grader could probably pass them with ease!
I wouldn't recommend this professor if you care about your grade. Hollist is a great man. A boring professor and a very harsh grader. Attendance is mandatory. Lectures aren't interesting. A lot of busy work. Assignments are mandatory but even if you try you'll never receive an 100 or even close. Receiving an A with Hollist is highly unlikely.
If you plan to take this class, I commend you for being brave. He's a harsh grader and likes to give out assignments that are due the same night of class. Lectures are a roast session, so come prepared and don't look lost (he will especially pick on those type of students). There are 3 major essays and a project, don't mess up on any!
I've never read more in my life than I have this semester. His class is entirely set up as a class discussion. He always sparks interesting conversation. It was always a pleasure to be in class. He will always make time to meet with you out of class. He is always in class, and if he isn't he will assign you work to do anyways.
Awesome guy totally cool. The class is not very hard but can be confusing at times. Dr. Krause isn't the best at teaching accounting but does a decent job of it.
Prof Peters is such a nice guy and really cares about his students! He tries to help as much as he possibly can.
This class is hard and not very stimulating. In fairness to the teacher it is probably difficult to make it interesting and clear. Stick it out and the curve may bring up your grade but only take this class if you must.
A little scary at times--high standards. But a sense of humor too. Hard grader but he knows his stuff.
The pressure is definitely on in this class from the first day to the end.
He hocked a loogey in front of me, but he was surprisingly funny, in a dry, sarcastic way.
Although I must admit that I'm learning a lot in this class, I think that he plays favorites and is rather unfair in this regard. He's extremely intimidating and I think that he takes pride in this.
Botne is kind of terrifying. Very intelligent, but is pretty pompous. Seems to not care whether we understand or enjoy the class. He'll joke every now and then; expects us to read, participate, and learn things quickly. This was probably the hardest class I've taken (definitely in LING, maybe overall), but it was interesting and I did learn a lot.
Easy class, most people just get notes from other people, so you don't even have to attend that many classes.
Pop quizzes. Attendance policy that impacts your grade more than the hours of work you put in. You have to read for every class because she randomly chooses people to answer questions. Honestly dont take her class.
This class was very challenging and the whole grade is based on 3 tests. Ick!
Rude to students, too rough on people. I didn't care for her at all!!
Dr Stewart does read from the slides but she has points to make besides them. You learn a lot in lab in this class. She isnt a bad teacher; she's really nice and she DOES care about her students. Tests aren't hard if you attempt to understand the material and learn from your mistakes! She allowed us to correct errors on a hard test for half credit.
MOST BORING CLASS LECTURES but you have to attend because she has mandatory quizzes as well as weekly long homework assignments. Really is a nice lady and means well but she can be confusing and get off topic easily. CONSTANT studying due to the enormous amount of material you must learn especially if you are new to physics as in my case.
She gives about the most boring lectures Ive ever attended. (1/2 the class is asleep) HW is stupid because it is over material not covered. The book is worthless. I heard she is a good and nice teacher who cares if you get to know her.
Horrible lectures, bring something to do to stay awake. Hard and time consuming homework. If you need help go to her she is a genuine teacher who really cares for her students and cares more about you learning the matterial than giving you a bad grade and is very willing to work with you. Great person, wish there were more teacher like her.
She assigns quite a bit of work, but there are so many extra credit points that this class is simple.
He was a pretty good teacher. He wasn't the most clear sometimes when explaining math terms and concepts, but they were always the simple ways to doing things. His test are also SUPER easy, compared to other teachers, and he is very easy going.
I had Meek for Honors Cal- loved him as a person (he's hilarious), didn't care for his teaching style. I took Calculus in high school so I managed to get an A, but if I hadn't, I might have had a difficult time :/ He is very proof intensive, and doesn't spend as much time working example problems. Quizzes are hard, tests are easy, GO TO CLASS!
If you took Calculus in high school, then his class should be a breeze. He explains everything with graphs and can be boring, but he is funny and really BA!
Took honors class. Don't be scared to take honors. His tests are very straightforward and only test the basics of any concept. Nothing tricky. Will give pop quizzes (about 5 a semester), so come to class. Sometimes his explanations are hard to follow, but of Cal I, his tests are by far the easiest. Even compared to non-honors.
Dr. Meek's class was by far easier than my high school chemistry class! If you do the majority of your homework, you'll be set! Test questions are exactly like the quizzes! He doesn't test over Algebra at all which is nice! He is only concerned about the calculus! Very different from the rest of the calculus teachers! Take him if you can!
Dr. Meek was a great test giver in that the tests were straight forward, and based on the most basic material. However, as a teacher he was unclear and with the wrong background, you will be lost! Be prepared to teach yourself!
Yeah, he is a real funny guy, but when test times comes around you better know your stuff. He likes to add twists to the test just for kicks, and if you're not on his "good side" then you better beware because you can kiss your partial credit g
This class isn't hard and he tried to make things fun, I would reccommend this to anyone!
I took this class in person but everything was an online setup. Extremely book heavy since all the assignments came from them. An easy A as long as you did the work and turned it in. Only go in if I needed help on an assignment. If you had trouble she would always try to help. Turn in dates were very flexible.
Pretty much the nicest teacher in the world. Do your work and end the class early, it's really easy to get behind and screw yourself over by the end of the semester
She is the most easy grading teachers of all the writing teachers. She is very approachable and a nice lady. She actually cares about every one of her students and willing to help. I recommend Dr. Aley out of all the other writing professors.
Very interesting lectures, however he's a bit too intelligent for a 100 level class, so unless you really want to work hard, I wouldn't take his class. He also doesn't use the textbook for this course, but 4 boring novels.
Dr. Robinson's class is EXTREMELY hard! Yes, he is a VERY good speaker but his tests are NOTHING at all like his lectures! I studied more than I ever have in life for his last test and only got a 77%! Run away while you still can!!
He usually ends class early. He is kinda boring and goes off topic, but he knows what he is talking about and can get the point across. I didn't buy the books in time and had a hard time keeping up, but most of his stuff is on blackboard. Only assigns one essay and the final rest of the points come from quizzes over the readings.
Dr. Cochran gives great lectures, but his tests don't always reflect the material.He is a bit critical and appears harsh at times.Despite this, i have enjoyed the class and would take him again. He is really brillant when it comes to folk ways.
For lecture- most interesting lecturer. Much easier to understand than the other two! Kind of unorganized and forgetful. He's a pretty easy grader, but kind of arrogant! Watch out for the quizzes- there are many and have random material on them!
Dr.Cochran knows his stuff. He's practically a walking encyclopedia on anything related to folklore and music. If he pushes his stuff, it is only because his writing is clear, consice, and informative. He's also quite funny.
Nice guy, can be humorous. Super boring. He is super repetitive. Spends entire lecture talking about the pictures on his slides. Difference in going to class is truly the difference in an A and a B... I got a B... GO TO Class, even if it is to play solitaire, it'll still helps! If review is offered, go!
Pretty laid back class. Quiz bowl type tests, sure beats essay exams. Just read what you're supposed to and you'll be fine.
While I did enjoy Middle East Cultures with Dr. Swedenburg, he was a tough grader and required multiple chapter readings each week from 6 different books. Not a lot of grades in the gradebook, but several critical essays and quizzes based off the readings.
Take his classes if you are interesting in the material--always have an open mind.
The lectures are hard to get through, the material can be boring sometimes and Prof. Purvis has a pretty monotone voice. However, you have to take notes on the Powerpoint because he doesn't post it online. His tests require you to memorize the material, they are word-for-word from the lecture. Do the choice assignments and prepare for tests.
DO THE CHOICE ASSIGNMENTS 40% of WHOLE GRADE. Lectures cover EXACTLY what is on exam. DO NOT MISS THE REVIEW DAYS. He basically gives you every exam answer. SO BORING but he adds some subtle humor. Nice guy overall but he DOES NOT USE BLACKBOARD! So you have to keep up with your own grade. RARELY responds to your emails so GO TO CLASS to pass!
DO THE CHOICE ASSIGNMENTS 40% of WHOLE GRADE. Lectures cover EXACTLY what is on exam. DO NOT MISS THE REVIEW DAYS. He basically gives you every exam answer. SO BORING but he adds some subtle humor. Nice guy overall but he DOES NOT USE BLACKBOARD! So you have to keep up with your own grade. RARELY responds to your emails so GO TO CLASS to pass.
His lectures are really boring but he is an interesting guy for sure! You only have four assignments, a quiz, a midterm, and the final. He takes attendance every class so make sure you go. His tests are mainly all fill in the blank and short answer. So make sure to take good notes because you'll need them to study.
The lectures can sometimes be really dull but Philbin is a nice enough guy and responds to your emails in a timely fashion. He is accommodating for the most part and straightforward as a teacher. He doesn't belittle people and just wants us to make the best possible films.
I worked hard and got a C in this class. The exams are weighed very high in this class (3 exams worth 30% each). His exams are at least 80 questions each and cover 4 chapters worth of material so it's impossible to remember everything! He takes away points if you miss an activity. This class is no fun, really boring, and poorly structured.
His classes are not hard until you take the tests. They cover Everything in the book, even the obscure stuff he doesn't even feel is important enough to cover or even mention in class. Don't miss any classes or you won't do well. Read everything he gives you. I got a B, BTW
Dr. Brewer is great and I love her! However, her teaching style is just not the right style for me. It could've been because it was all online, but the lectures were very long, very complex, and were read through very fast. I should have done more of the practice problems and utilized my textbook more, as you have to teach yourself a lot of it.
She's nice, but often the class is too fast-paced. Don't miss or you'll fall behind. The final is hard, and SI drill is a waste of time...it's mandatory, but doesn't help one bit.
I took UC I at 7:30 and it sucked to wake-up at that time. Other than that, she was always trying to cheer us on and help us understand things. Take a lot of good notes and make sure you do her homework because everything is out of those 2 elements. Her jokes sometimes got on my nerves but most of the time they went well.
This class sucks but she's not a bad teacher. Tests are hard but she tries to hlep you out whenever she can.
ok, she is a nice teacher, and she is willing to help all she can, but this class sucks. i studied my butt off for all the tests and have not passed one yet! so if you dont have to take chemistry, dont!
He's a cool guy but is not helpful at all! PLEASE do not listen to the people below and read the book or study guide! His tests are very identical to past tests which your SI leader will give out! Make sure you come to class for pop quizzes and go to SI and study practice tests and you should get a B!
I had him this past semester. His lectures are extremely random and he tends to ramble. All he does is draw graphs and he rarely gives you exact notes. You kind of have to pick out what you think is important. I relied heavily on the book and the SI sessions to pass this class. His tests can be deceiving as well! He is a pretty good teacher!
This was a fun but very hard class. He explains the material in a real life format, but the test are from a question bank and hard. Study all the notes you take in class and go to SI.
He was a really fun guy. Some days we wouldn't even talk about ECON and other days were very fast paced. Notes didn't really help me much mostly just read the book. Gave a really nice curve at the end of the year w/o it I wouldn't have got an A. I would reccomend taking this class and getting to know Dr. Britton.
He's a fun guy. You'll like the class, but some days he'll talk about nothing and he'll ramble on not talking about ECON and other days he'll go so fast and you'll have like 3 pages of notes in 50 minutes. Notes really aren't that helpful anyway, I found the book to be a lot more helpful. You'll enjoy the class.
a very hard class!! his tests are pretty hard! i would recommend the study guide...cuz the questions are pretty similar to the questions on the test. britton does a good job of explaining BUT when it comes to tests...it's like "what's going on?"
If you are not an ECON-minded person then you will sweat to make a C on his tests. Not even many many hours of studying could help me memorize the boatload of specific questions he asks. A person that loves ECON would fare much better in this class. Focus all of your attention on the tests from the outset. He is nice and will help you if you ask.
he does a wonderful job of teaching from examples, but to actually learn the concepts of the class, i taught myself from the book. very nice guy, and if you take his class, talk to him and get to know him. it pays off.
Britton is awesome!! Moves very fast, but knows what the hell he is talking about. Tests are challenging, but he gives extremely easy pop quizzes and make-up opportunities. Great econ teacher!!
This class was the hardest I've taken in college so far and I'm a 4.0 Honors student. In our case, he did a great job teaching the first two months. You have to be able to rewrite the graphs at lightning speed. After it shifted online, Stapp was not accessible . I recommend going to office hours
He knows a lot about economics and I learned a lot, but his tests are so hard. There is never enough time to finish and he is an incredibly hard grader. He also does not use PowerPoint or any technology. I enjoyed his lectures but I would recommend taking a different teacher for ECON2013 if you want a higher grade.
I think Stapp is a very good guy and definitely knows what he's talking about. I do no like his teaching ways though. He is very in your face aggressive and his tests are insanely long. Our last test was 2 graphs and analyzing them (which take about 15 min each) plus 95 multiple choice questions in one hour. I'm taking macro over the summer now.
One of my favorite professors. Class is interesting. He'll call you out though. Tests are long and can be difficult. I recommend this professor, but you'll definitely have to study to make a decent grade.
TRUTHFUL REVIEW: Stapp is pretty funny and he knows what he's talking about, however, you MUST attend EVERY class in order to do well b/c much of what is on tests comes from his lectures. You also HAVE to read the textbook, b/c he uses that material on tests too. Definitely not an easy professor, tests can be long, but overall he's pretty good.
Although D. White's teaching is an acquired taste, this class was extremely beneficial. The text is on a buy-if-need basis, it wasn't used. The group work is not difficult if your group works together. Overall, the class is a pretty easy A! Definitely recommended, but not at 8 a.m.!!
Great morning class, if you can get there at 7:30. As long as you write a few rebuttals and attend for the tests, you should pass easily. Mr. Morgan is very easy going and will always help you. Attendance not required.
This class was fairly simple as everything was basically online and attendance wasn't mandatory. Lots of extra credit opportunities!
Professor Adams is one of the chillest professors ever. Literally all you have to do is study his quizzes he posts (which you can take an unlimited amount of times) and they're the exact questions on his tests. Easy A.
So easy! The TA does review sessions where he practically reads the test aloud. Never went to class and had over a 100 in the class. Hard to not get an A. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK!
Dr. Adams is a good teacher. At the beginning of the semester I failed the first two test, because I studied the wrong material. Then I started getting A and B's, I ended up with a B for the class. He gives extra credit and they are easy. For the tests study all the vocab from the chapter and the sociological perspectives. Good luck!
The good news: general sociology was pretty easy. A test every other week but it's only over 2 chapters. Attendance not mandatory, just read your book right before the test and you'll be fine. He's also a very lenient grader. The bad news: Good luck trying to get in contact with him if you run into a problem. He does not answer emails.
This class was incredibly easy, and I consequently liked it very much, for it provided me with an easy A. The quizzes aren't bad. Go to class, copy the powerpoints, go over them for a little bit, do the 20 extra credit points, and an A is easily in your grasp (much less effort than other classes). I recommend this professor.
Very easy. Horribly boring though. Just show up, write down the bullets on the board, and do the crossword and you will ace the class.
Only grades are the 4 tests and pop quizzes. Do the readings and study the PowerPoints for the tests. At the end of the course the grade scale was adjusted which negatively impacted my grade from an A to an A-.
She can be a great teacher and a lot of fun if you get (and stay) on her good side by going to class, staying awake, and turning in assignments on time. She appreciates people who work hard and show interest for world dance and native cultures. On the flip-side, she'll embarass you in front of the class if you slip up. Easy assignments!
Tests are very in-depth, class is very boring.
Philosophy is a tough subject, but Dr. Romano is an enjoyable professor. He makes you think about what you're learning, as well as everything else around you. Study the written material for the tests (especially logic), do your best to fully answer written questions/assignments, and you will do well in his class.
Come on, you have to love Moody! He's been all over the place, he has an amazing office (thrones and bookcases all over is definitely cool!), he's a plethora of knowledge, and he looks like a cross between The Colonel and Dumbledore. What else does one need?!
He was good at explaining the material and picking examples that were similar to the problems on exams. Towards the end of the semester he stopped helping out so much, but he still provided enough information to solve the problems. Likes to make jokes in class and he gives lots of pop quizzes.
Awesome professor. Very funny, and pretty easy going. Take him if you can.
+ Funny guy knows his stuff - screws up his stuff alot, i mean ALOT 3/4 of the class is him fixing his mistakes
hes knows his stuff. he comes five min late becuase most students show up late and he thinks its a waste to start on time if you have to re-explain everything you just said. He knows statistics better than anyone, and is a trivia master!
Pretty good teacher, but can be very moody. Tough grader but usually fair
Do not take Chem 109 with Professor Siu if you dont have a background in chemistry!!! Be willing to work, and make sure you can take notes very fast. Also, there is lots of extra credit opportunities: she drops your 2 lowest quizzes / worksheets. & also, If you complete all of the online homework, you get so much extra credit!
The class is very difficult and she expects you know every single detail. Lectures are very fast paced and I just ended up having to re-teach myself everything.
She knows what she's teaching so well that it makes her come off snarky sometimes. She is very helpful and approachable for questions. Do all OWL assignments, she gives a ton of extra credit for them
She is a great prof. She cracks jokes every now and then and is very sarcastic and funny. She adjusts to all kinds of learning so sometimes she will teach with just notes and others she will provide pictures and examples. Her quizzes and tests are a little tricky, but if you study her notes sheet you should be fine.
She is kind of funny and I generally liked her. She isn't the most pleasant when asking her questions, but I don't think she was in any way horrible. She seems to work slower than the other classes which is good, and her quizzes and tests weren't particularly difficult.
Ms Siu isa very helpful professor and is always open to questions and clarifications. This is a great class to take if you are looking for a class that inspires understanding.
Not a good professor. Drop her if you can. Her tests are very hard. She trys to trick you and fail you. Quizzes are okay but the tests are terrible. Run, Run as fast as you can!
Overall she is a good professor, the only thing is that it her tests seem very hard even if you study. You think you got an A but when you see your grade it's way lower than you expected.
I took a 3-hour (summer) evening class. I came into the class later than the rest because of severe problems with a foreign language class. His tests are difficult, but he is fascinating. Really listen in class-to his experiences and lectures. Also, participate! We had to write a term paper near the end which was helpful to my grade! A for Dr.S!!
i liked dr. stoller's intro anthro class. The first test scared me to death (he refers to himself in the questions)because I only studied for a little while. I still got a C. I also failed the next test and got a very low C on the final. I ended up with a B in the class. He gives extra credit opps as well. He's very smart.
Stoller is a very nice man. He will be very accomodating to your needs. The class is a little boring and sometimes confusing. Dont take this class thinking that its about european witchcraft. this is african witchcraft, not pagan and neopagan witchcraft. Grades pretty fair too.
Do not take this class...I'm warning you! It's so boring and really really hard!
i recommend the professor, but not his webcourses. the entire course is online, the only thing you have to do is read websites and answer questions based on the readings. it's impossible to get a good grade. the answers are computed via javascript checkers. i.e., if you write "3" and the answer is "three," you get a zero. FUN.
Funny guy, class was a blast. Unfortunately he told us on the first day we will probably not get better then a C in the class, i worked my ass off for a B+ so it just goes to show his tests are very random, you have to pracitcally memorize his lectures.
His lectures can be very boring, but at the same time they can be very fun. Pearson is very animated and goofy at times. You can tell he has a passion for what he teaches.
Professor Dacosta was very nice! If your taking this for just a gen ed I would highly recommend her. She tells you what's going to be on the tests so you know what to study. There is one paper you have to write but it is only 1 12 pages long. Overall easy A.
Diane is a very understanding woman who will bend over backwards for her students, as long as they are sincere. She does word things funny on tests, so beware
Ernie is one of the nicest and funniest professors I've had at NMC. His teaching can be confusing at times because he over-explains things, which is better than not explaining them enough. He's a good person and very smart. He makes stupid jokes, which makes him very charming. He's great. But you'll have a "quiz" everyday.
this teacher makes me doubt the integrity of my degree. joke of a class, easiest A's ever. goes of on meaningless tangents about his personal experiences in public organizations. its embarrasing to see how so many people walk out on his classes. if you want to raise your GPA, take Wilkins.
Lecture is boring but if you take good notes you're good to go for the exams. Take Chris Eberle as the TA, he's really good at explaining and he's realistic (he knows not everyone loves history). The book is helpful. Tests weren't hard if you went to class/discussion; it's pretty obvious what will be on there.
Ramasesh isn't a bad guy. Yes he has an accent but he is willing to work with you. Only have 3 tests so be careful, no padding for grades. He gives out take home exams which help cushion your test grades. If you can do the take home, you can do the in-class. Follow along in class and read the ppts to stay current. Curves at the end on performance.
Have you taken AP Stats? Congrats, you will have an A in this class and never once need to attend. If not, try and pay attention to his lectures and take relatively careful notes and you'll be just fine. Very sweet guy and a very straightforward course.
Do not take this professor. Does not explain the material well. Rambles constantly. Tests are extremely diffucult, and there is never enough time allowed to take them.
very nice. tests are extremely hard. have to be in class to really understand the material. its not a class you should miss.. so be there.
i didn't think she was too bad...i've had better, and i've had worse
Very interesting class. Tests aren't too bad; he just wants you to really know the material. Pretty tough grader on presentations. Paul will help you, but he won't go out of his way to do so; usually pretty clear, especially on what the tests would be on.
VERY NICE GUY
honestly, she expects way too much from her students for just being a basic class. She is by far the hardest teacher i have ever had and it is not fun for all of us non history majors. She is pretty strict on your essays. I would suggest NOT taking her ever.
If you want to take this class for the GWAR, DO NOT TAKE WITH HER! You will be disappointed as she is a really hard grader and expects your second effort to far surpass your first one. She is an ok teacher, but she loves to talk and seems to talk down to students, possibly without meaning to...? Beware of the grammar quizzes and reading is a must.
Tough grader. While her tough grading is not a problem the fact that she does not explain what she wants in an assignment is. Says that she grades undergrads like they are in graduate school. Do not take this class if you are looking for a reasonable teacher or human being.
She is very hard and is known as the grammer nazi . avoid her if you can
Clear lectures but tends to get off topic. Lots of info, make sure you can write fast! Overall good class though
I'm taking this prof for the Fall 09 Quarter. Beware! She seems air headed, and will steer away from the lecture at times, but she has a severe grading system for essays. Watch out! When it comes to essay composition, she's a technical Harvard prof. Write as if you're writing for a textbook and you'll be fine!
Entertaining for about an hour and half, after that the class tends to drag. His lectures are interesting, if you can keep your attention. I liked him, and learned a lot. But you should have an interest in the subject or you'll get bored.
Professor Ault is very kind and clear of what he expects of his students. There was a minimal amount of work he required to be turned in and graded. He does take quite some time to grade assignments but as long as you complete them he is an easy grader. The midterm and final are take homes and there is one group project.
All the assignments are online through mypoliscilab. It is easy, just learn to use all the tools available to you.He encourages attendance and gives extra credit opportunities to those who show up, also surprise assignments are given, and if you did not show up to class it is likely you will not be aware of it. He is very approachable.
Hes one of those teachers that grows on you. He gets off topic very easily, but he doesn't expect you to know what he didn't get a chance to cover. Sometimes its hard to understand the lectures because their so abstract, but hes a really good teacher
One of my friends at work told me that psychology online with Oberlin was very easy. It was! however, I don't believe that I learned alot in the class.
This was the first class that I took with Professor Pratt. However, even though I did not agree with everything that she taught, and she had opinionated ideas at times, she was a good professor. I learned a lot from her and my writing improved drastically. I would recommend her to anyone that is up to a challenge.
He is very knowledgeable, but also very condemning.
She is a great teacher. Very helpful. She was late handing work back but she is an awesome teacher she makes class fun and interesting.
She is a nice woman but her exams are hard. You only have a midterm and final and 2 papers. You have a few online quizzes but they are only worth 3 points. Her lectures suck and feel like they don't align with her exams.
Adolino is with a doubt the most boring and monotonous teacher I have ever had. She puts me to sleep, as soon, as she opens her mouth for lecture. However, she is very cerebral and can answer almost any question dealing with external policies of foreign nations. Her notes are vauge, and you will fail, if you do not listen.
Not that great at explaining material in class, but is helpful with one on ones. Lenient grader on tests. Tests are open book.
Dr.Jong is a pretty decent guy. It takes a while to get used to his style but once you get it.....it'll be an easy A. Yeah he's REALLY picky when it comes to grading. But hey, 95% of the time you'll know what'll be on the test. Just KNOW how to do all the sample tests and you'll be fine.
DO NOT take this class during the summer. Dr Jong does not take it easy on summer students. On that note, he is a very good teacher, and any engineering student who is interested in the field for anything more than a paycheck should be stoked to learn from him.
i learned a whole lot from this teacher.. he is very predictable and keeps my attention the whole class...its hard dont **** everyone go to the buiness college
Flachmann's a great coordinator for the Honors Program. This class, which is required for the Honors program, is extremely easy. Don't worry about it.
Dr. Spiegel is not the most amazing teacher when it comes to textbook biology rather what biology is really like in academia. The content lectured in class is very confusing. The tests are hard and based off of confusing scenarios and if you get assigned a bad lab group you are SOL. Good luck future bio majors !
He has a way of lecturing that is very unclear and you basically have to teach yourself. Clicker quizzes during class so attendance is important. There are quizzes through the textbook site due every week (about 100 questions each, but they aren't hard- can do in class ). Tests are hard to study for, but easy. He's nice, but doesn't teach well.
Course starts very slowly. Tests are not difficult (assuming you go to class and study/do practice problems), but some questions are tricky. The most complex material will be mostly review if you take Cell Bio first. Didn't feel like I learned a whole lot, and didn't like his teaching style, but at least an 85% was an A.
Professor Grammy is a hard grader. The Midterm and Final are each worth 1/3 of total grade. Be prepared for fast PowerPoint slides and homework almost every week. However, he is very nice when it comes to his grading system and helping you understanding the material.
Gives alot of hw and quizes but for his finals and midterms not that bad. Just do the homework well as he is very picky and will take off points even if you are off by 1
This was one of the more difficult classes I've had. For some reason learning the economic concepts was rough for me but the professor really tries his best to help you. He's easy to talk to and he lets you out of class early!
Dr. Sailers knows her stuff. She is eager to share her knowledge and model great teaching methods.
You never know what to expect before class, but not in a good way. She gets kind of boring and snappy sometimes.
Come on! he isn't THAT bad. Yes, he has a pretty bland personality and yes, ACCT 221 is tough. However, he is not some total jerk as everyone says he is and he gladly clarifies anything you are having trouble with.
He knows what he is doing, he seems to be smart; however, he doesn't have any idea what friendly environment during classes mean. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend him ever. His final exam is a nightmare.
She really challenges students to think critically and develops students professionally. She has an old-school paternalistic way of caring which a lot of people do not understand. She always looks for the student's best interest. She is a little vague in delivering what she wants from her assignments but clarification could be gotten from her.
Great professor. He really knows what he's talking about. Class is really interesting. Grades are papers - they require a good amount of research and thought, but they're not impossible. He also takes attendance. I learned a lot and lectures were interesting.
no doubt hes a funny man but the class is ridiculously hard. his exams are impossible and although he curves it is still impossible to get a decent grade in the class. i dont understand why he doesnt make a test that students can pass. he seems to enjoy failing his students. i wouldnt recommend him although he is funny and has a good personality.
Grades tests very hard. If you question him about a bad grade on the test he just says that's how he grades. I never missed a class, went to tutoring, and met with him after class and he still gave me an F. I tried my hardest and he didn't take that into consideration.
Dr. Gea was a funny guy. Professors are not going to make much of a difference in UP1 an UP2, make sure you get a good TA. David is a good choice for TA, very condescending though. Do your homework in the Physics library and ask lots of questions and you will get an A in this course.
This course will probably be tough to get an A if you didn't take a physics in high school, but the grades are curved so that an 85 is an A and a 70 is a B. If you fail the tests, you'll have a hard time passing; however, most of the questions are very similar to the open response homework so study those back and forth and you should be fine.
DO THE HOMEWORK. Come to class, you get a point for taking the clicker quiz and a point if you get the quiz right. Skim the reading at least. DO THE HOMEWORK. Show up to labs, if you miss four you fail the whole class.
That class was so freakin easy. I never went to class except on test days and received a B and was 2/10 of a point from having an A. His tests are super easy if you do it right. He lets you have a sheet of notes for the test. Write down the stuff from the practice test and how to work the problems on your sheet & you'll be fine.
Great teacher, that is only if you are an attractive female, guys beware, don't waste your time asking this one for help
Nice guy, has a whole lot of math info inside his head, but often had difficulty expressing it in words. Like the others have said, he's a fair grader.
Great fun. Very wry sense of humor. He's kind of like the cool/crazy grandpa I wish I had.
great class, fascinating topics, hard to understand concepts at times, needs a little spice in the class
Class was definatly challenging and sometimes you had no idea what he was talking about. But if you choose to take astronomgy, take it with him.
His lectures are either very entertaining, or excruciatingly long. He teaches as if it's a show - we clap at the end of lecture. The course is more work than expected, not an easy A GE. Was told if you attend lecture and watch the movies you'll be fine, but it's more than work than that. Overall ok, but wouldn't recommend taking unless u like film
His teaching style needs getting used to. It took me half a semester to be able to focus while he speaks. STAY FOR THE MOVIE SCREENINGS. Not watching the movies will f you over... The papers aren't graded that harshly you just need to do a lot of research. GO TO REVIEW SESSIONS they tell you which readings to focus on.
Casper is considered a genius so his lectures are interesting. However, for the most part his lectures are too long and most people are trying to stay awake. He considers his lectures "performances", and is pretty arrogant and flamboyant. Take the class, just pray you get a good TA because they are the ones who help you pass and do all the grading
Taking a Casper class is something that every film student must experience. His lectures are entertaining but he is strict. He wants everyone to do their best and he expects you to work hard for your grade. However, the TA makes this class bearable or not. Make sure you get a helpful TA otherwise switch out. This CAN change your experience.
Engaging, entertaining, and a master of his craft. Casper could be intimidating, but as long as the student had a valid argument for the given answer, then he would accept it. The class was my favorite of the semester without question. Amazing class, but he can be a bit much, especially if he’s asking you the question.
overly dramtic and very annoying. it will be difficult for you if you are not a cinema major. take good notes during lectures and dont procrastinate on the 2 dreadful papers you have to write during the semester. having a helpful ta helps a lot!
How do I begin to describe Drew Casper? He's a character, to say the least. You should really experience him and his lecture style for yourself. Take 190, even if you're not a film kid. You won't regret it.
Definitely an interesting class. Casper is extremely passionate and clearly is the leading expert in the subject. Sometimes he goes off on tangents though and it can be hard to determine what will be on the midterm or final and what won't. Seems like the TAs don't have a great idea either sometimes. If you love film, you'll thrive regardless.
Scorsese course, most of the midterm was from book rather than lecture, 2 papers and midterm and final. Great lectures and screenings. No discussion class. Not too hard if you read and go to class. Casper is enjoyable as always
He is a great Professor, slightly extreme at times. Depending on the genre of films you get for the semester will really determine if the class will be difficult. Either way it is always entertaining.
Entertaining and informative but do NOT take this class if you aren't a cinema major. I know several people who dropped the class.. Many of the TAs are unfair, and as someone else posted, snobs.
He's a popular and successful professor that teaches several courses with a lecture hall full of students at a large university. There's never a dull moment. The Critical Studies major is kind of useless and un-practical. Take a couple courses and move on with YOUR OWN LIFE, not his. If you like movies, watch them at home. The TAs are snobs.
As you can see by all the comments, Casper inspires people to love or hate him. I personally think he tries to cover too much material in the class which makes his exams brutal. His lectures are entertaining and very funny...as long as you're not the student being made fun of.
Casper is quite a character. You'll either love him or hate him. His tests are brutal, because the material is so extensive and the tests can cover pretty much any arbitrary thing he brought up in class. Pay very close attention, and always go to lecture! He is very funny, and he loves to make fun of students. Don't take him too seriously.
Listen, if you want and easy class in film this is not the guy for you. Yes, he does dramatize the entire course but it make you remember him. It is a film class after all and not calculus. He is strong in his positions whether you agree with them or not
Outstanding teacher, but his classes are not easy.
no doubt the teacher knows his stuff, but he has trouble getting it accross at times. his explanations are not always that helpful. he also expects entire 8min orchestra pieces to be ID'd, dated and author's name given. I would recommend taking a music 100 course before setting foot in there (even though the class isn't supposed to need it).
He does know his stuff, however, the class is all about memorization and impressing him on reports. for all those students taking the class, good luck on staying awake.
Not gonna lie, he is very funny but got off topic a lot. Some days, I don't think we even learned anything about the topic of sociology. There was little to no work until the end of the semester where there was a 20 page assignment. There wasn't a single grade posted until we got a final grade at the end. I'm pretty sure he just gives everyone a B.
I took him twice the fist time around I messed up and didnt do my work, but I took him again because his class was fun the first time. He is easy going for the most part, just take notes in class and try to follow along you wil be fine. Good teacher and interesting to talk to as well he is blunt and to the point does not hld back :) good class
The class was more so a debate class but his method of his madness helps people understand what sociology is. Exams are hard but you have to take good notes and by him being funny and clear you can understand his mid-term and final. I can see why people don't like him but if your active in participation then TAKE HIM!!!
This man is hilarious! His lectures are sometimes boring, but he tries the best he can to make them a little more interesting. Midterm...TAKE HOME....Final- not too bad if you studied. Overall good guy
Both classes we conducted similar (with different dance styles) He's a good teacher however I personally didn't like him. He made me feel as if I couldn't dance or do anything. this class is tough he doesn't like the people who think it's an easy A...so work hard...AND DO THE JOURNALS.
Giving her an average because I expect a college course to be challenging. She probably made it more difficult than it should have been. If you dont repeat everything word from word from her lectures on the exam, you get marked down. I was able to pass this class because she ended up leaving at the end of the semester.
She has horrible handwriting but she knows it and is willing to repeat it. She's nice but makes awkward jokes and points out random people and can make you feel weird. She claims your grade is based off a variety of things but it's really only based on the 3 tests which are fine as long as you read and take good notes
She's nice and the class is fun. She is from Portugal, so she has an accent, but I is easy to understand. She has VERY bad handwriting, but covers the topics thoroughly enough that you can get it all down in your notes by listening. She gives you a set of questions in advance and then there's three of them on the actual exam.She wants thoroughness
Take it SWS! You write three papers total (including final) and attendance is not mandatory but makes up about 15% of your grade. Her handwriting is TERRIBLE but she is a good prof who is willing to help as much as possible. She has a slight accent but it is still easy to understand. She sometimes makes fun of students...but still worth taking.
She is very nice but the class is SO boring. It was easy though cuz there was no homework just a couple of easy tests. I actually got a B when I read the book and an A when I didn't. Just read her summaries...oh she hates people who skips and it will affect your grade.
Bad handwriting, talks fast, very fun and energetic, loves to teach. Very helpful if you ask for it. Talk to her before a test, she will help you understand what you need to know. Test can be hard and the lecture can get boring but go to class because she takes attendance. It is a good class but I suggest taking it as a credit/no credit class.
Very nice lady,extremely passionate about what she teaches,tries a little too hard sometimes.It is difficult to get kids excited at 8 in the morning. She really knows her stuff,but has favorites. If you miss even 2 classes, expect to lose pts. and for her to tell people infront of the entire class.
Exams start at a certain time. Ten minutes after the exam start time if you have not already signed into the exam, you will be automatically locked out of the exam. Exams are 60 minutes long, if you exceed 60 minutes the professor deducts 5 points for each additional minute over 60 minutes. Very tough grader. I would not recommend this class.
Dr. Alali is a great professor. He makes sure that everyone is able to understand his lectures, and with the help of his PowerPoint slides for notes it was hard to fail. There are a couple of papers, and just a couple of tests. Attend class, take notes, and you will be fine.
HE'S A PRETTY DECENT TEACHER! THE NOTES ARE A LIFE SAVER & A MUST TO PASS THE CLASS! THE TEXTBOOK IS REQUIRED, BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO LIVE BY IT BECAUSE THE NOTES WILL GET YOU THROUGH THE CLASS. ATTENDANCE IS IMPORTANT. ONE MISSED CLASS WITHOUT THE NOTES AND YOU MAY GET A COUPLE QUESTIONS WRONG ON THE QUIZ.
THis class was the easiest thing ever, but I don't really know what purpose it served. I already knew I wanted to be a Comm Major, and I already had met with an advisor and come up with a plan of study...so this class didn't do that much for me...
Tough teacher but if you can stick your ego to the side and also ask questions he's actually not hard
Roger Malcolm is entertaining. His lectures are fun. He is rude, but who cares. Grow up. The only reason NOT to take this teacher is that your grade will be 10 pts lower than if you took any other teacher of this class, so it doesn't make sense to take him.
He is very knowledgeable about his subject matter, but is barely civil with his students.
Took this class as telecourse. Only had to go in for 3 test. She is difficult to understand at times, so this or online is definitely the way to go. Study guides are VERY general and really don't prepare you for what may or may not be on the test. If you need help though, she will meet with you which helps a lot! Basically a self taught class.
Her i-know-everything about culture attitude is annoying, but if you can deal with it this class isn't that hard. Always claim to have read the chapter though, she'll come down hard on those who don't pretend to be interested.
good teacher, but diffucult if you dont try. i did well on reasonably little study and paying attn in class.
Very friendly,but does not tolerate immaturity or disrespect.If you pay attention to her lectures and go to class every time,it is a fairly easy course.Not much reading required, most the test questions come from the notes.If you don't like to talk in class, sit in the back and she won't call on you
Had him for 101 as well so I was used to his odd quizzes. You need to read at least a bit to do well. This guy can be condescending, but you really learn a lot. Soc 310 itself is an interesting subject. Def. rec. for anyone in SOC or thinking about a SOC major.
Interesting class, easy to get an A. attendance mandatory, daily quizzes, curves everything, lots of extra credit oppertunities. Yes he is disrespectful and has an odd teaching style but I would still reccomend him for this class.
This class is very difficult and requires hours of studying. Teacher was funny and interesting ti listen to, but very strict and specific when it came to tests and homework. True or false tests only. Good thing about class is you learn a lot because you have to study.
Despite the bad rap he gets and the scary syllabus I really enjoyed this class. You really have to go and the papers are frustrating. The grading scale is weird but really works to your advantage. I am a C student who pulled off an A- in this class.
weird class, but very enjoyable.. need to come to class to understand the readings, not an easy class at all, but if everyone does bad then he curves, very enjoyable subjects, very nice guy, knows a lot, weird grading, loved the class, not for slackers
Very precise on what he wants from you. A good teacher for a good class.
He is a very nice professor. I am a nerd, so this stuff was easy for me. I skipped at least half of the classes and got an A. You do need the book for homework. The midterm and final are hard. The first couple computer tests are easy but the excel and access tests you will probably need to study for. I would definitely take him again!
Does not explain things well in class sometimes, but tests are assignments are easy regardless. I had a very hard time trying to meet with him during office hours. He was never there when he said he'd be. Show up and do the work, and this class is an easy A.
every test is made up of questions from the CD that came with the book. The questions are the end of chapter quizzes. I hate science and do bad in science clases but i got an A because of that. He is very lazy and does not tell you to study the CD because the questions are verbatum from CD. Easy A, so take him
cool guy. study the cd rom stuff and the book and you'll do ok. his notes are spacey but hes ok.
He seems knowledgeble about subject. class was boring. i hate this subject. the reading material was a waste of time and money. do NOT call that crapy reading art!!!
easy class. boring as ****. good choice as theme course.
I always felt really uncomfortable in David's class. I felt like he was always coming on to me and hitting on me in roundabout ways. The class wasn't too difficult, but I just couldn't get over the fact that he always seemed to pay special attention to all the girls in the class.
If you aren't willing to work/learn, this isnt the class for you.He is a genius!
TAKE THIS TEACHER! You only have 2 papers, one is a group paper which is so easy. It's hard not to get an A in this class. She does take attendance so you must go and class is super boring but she cancels or let you out early all the time. She does not answer email but she is the easiest A in E110 you will find and a nice lady.
Very good teacher! Very nice guy! He is willing to help you with anything! He tries his hardest to remember everyones name. Tests are semi-hard, pay attention and study. Lectures are based on a question/answer basis.
Worst grade I've ever received in school. Her tests were extremely hard and the final was insanely hard. She's a nicer version of Ford, but it's mainly just the work that's really hard.
IF you study on your own each day and make note cards for the tests, it isnt that bad. The tests are difficult but they are doable, you just need to put work into it. The quizes every day are annoying because you never get a break,but she does give you extra points at the end of the semester!
I had her for 107 so I know her style...points really help at the end of semester, she's really helpful, tests will get you but there are plenty of other things to balance it out. If you've taken her for 107, take her for 108, it becomes much easier and she's familiar with you (always helps!)
Bring your lunch pail to class bc ur gonna have to study hella to do well. Class is him going over 1-3 problems he hands out - these handouts are the best study materials you will get so go to class. Cop chegg for the hw too bc ur gonna wanna study those as well. If u understand those, the handouts, and read the chapters 1 time, ur straight.
Gabbin is high up in the Accounting department, and thus is very challenging. This course is a flipped classroom with pop quizzes, so you must come prepared having read the chapter(s) and done practice problems. Be prepared to participate in class. Tests are not that bad, but you must prepare. Final exam is departmental. Don't rely on bonus points.
Gabbin is going to make you work for your grade. He tells you up front that he tests from the book and that you are responsible for everything in those chapters. He does care about his students but his tests are very hard to make sure that you really know the material. I guess if you're an accounting major his class may help you in the future.
great teacher, very hard to get a B. Has to be your number 1 priority class and maybe you will get an A, overall dont freak out about him. you definitley wont fail but take someone else haha
TAKE him if your good at teaching yourself. and live by the textbook. He does NOT call on people ever, there is NO project, and he cancels most friday classes. no attendance policy, and he always emails the answers to the hw BEFORE class. just read the book and know how to do the problems. hes been making the harder questions extra credit
he's a cool teacher, he just didn't explain what he expected in the portfolio
Although Dr. Gabbin's class is very hard, you learn a lot about accounting.
Very nice guy, clear class lectures, however, tough grader. Must read all assignments, tough midterm and final
She is a great professor, if you get in over your head she is there to help pull you out. Just ask her for help because she is always willing to guide her students.
She's very sweet, I don't think it's fair to call her crazy.
Phonetics is a tough course, especially when done virtually. Dr. Getty did a decent job at teaching this class, but I feel that sometimes when students asked questions she would become annoyed. She is very specific when grading transcriptions, so be sure to follow the exact criteria she gives.
The material in this class is interesting and she finds different ways to teach it. However, tests are tricky and she doesn't like to curve. It didn't matter how much I studied, I always felt like I did the same. Info on the study guides isn't always the info on the test. She comes off very nice but can be somewhat rude.
Don't let the first day of class trick you. At first you think this will be an easy/reasonable class, however the exams are VERY TRICKY and tend to have various correct answers. She expects you to know alot of prior information which most people dont, but overall she is a very nice and knowlegable lady.
Kind of an odd fellow...tends to be boring, but class is kind of interesting when you get to write...has a lot of experience in the field, but doesn't always know how to express it...fairly good-humored, but expects a certain level of behavior.
Took his HIST2600: Origins of WWI. Tough grader, expects a lot for this course. Would not take him again. He knows the subject well and is willing to help. Am a history major and needed this class. This is the hardest history class I've taken by far.
Sabol is a fantastic professor and an all around great guy, however if lectures aren't your thing this class won't be too great. 3 major papers are the brunt of the work of the class along with short quizzes and analyses of articles and readings from the books. If you're not a history major I would not recommend this class.
