Material is presented clearly (though mostly straight from the book). Other than that I don't really have anything nice to say. Stay on her good side, and hope you don't screw up. Exams = memorization.
Hard grader. Doesn't give much partial credit and very picky with programs. She's not nice and insults you when you ask questions. Makes an easy class harder than it has to be.
She is the WORST EVER! Seriously, she NEVER smiled once! She tried to make a joke once (without smilng of course), and it wasn't even funny! She's MEAN and not helpful when it comes to learning the material. She also reads straight out of the book.
Pretty horrible professor with time management issues. Spends a good portion of each lecture talking about nothing, and ends up going over in time because he didn't finish the lecture. Class is really easy. You don't need to go to class, just practice the online notes. Can't really teach but tries.
One of the more arrogant teachers in the CS department. Don't bother going to his office hours unless you are first in line. He usually spends all his time helping 1 student. The material is good but when you ask him for help he is difficult. Study notes
He's a great programmer but a pretty bad professor. He's useless unless you can understand what he's trying to say. His teaching style can be described as authoritarian. Look, if you understand him and truly care about the subject, you'll learn quite a lot. Otherwise, avoid.
It's a 0 credit class and it has about as much work as my 4 credit hour classes. You have to take it if you have the scholarship, just be prepared. Exams have content from anything to facts about cows and gorillas to Bible memory verses.
You have to take this class so go to every one & pay attention or you wont do a good job on tests! He puts questions on there that wasnt even on the review bc theyre in lectures. Go to every review class he has! Its very helpful! Do all the homework & study, youll be fine!
Jamie Lash is a very interesting professor, but he teaches some questionable material. Seems to get defensive very easily if someone questions his beliefs. Do the assignments and get the answers for the exam study guides on quizlet. Study the study guide for an easy A.
I came into this class excited to learn something about Christian leadership in itself. Im currently in this class and have passed all exams easily. If you go to the review sessions, its an easy A. He has good material on paper but has a hard time keeping the attention of students because its all in all, boring and seems very scripted.
Class is extreamly hard. Way to much information to comprehend and understand for the tests. One of the most boring classes that I have had in my entire life and it sucks that you have to take it to become a comm major! Good luck to everyone that has not taken it yet!!
She does nothing to make this class interesting. Her lectures come stright from the book and are so boring. Her test questions sometimes contradict what she said in her lecture. Overall I did not think she was a good professor at all.
a lot of reading. very strict on 3 papers. quizzes everyday. ONLY 2 tests=/ focuses on controversal issues Espesially religion. u must talk in class! dont take..unless ur up for a serious challenge.
He was very vague and had no clue how to teach the material.
While she is a very kind person, who genuinely does want to help, half the the time she seems like she has no idea what she is doing or talking about. We spend a lot of class time watching her try to figure out how her computer works. She constantly second guesses herself which leaves everyone very confused.
I took this class as a breadth requirement, thinking it sounded interesting. I strongly don't recommend you take this class if that is your case! You are expected to have a DEEP understanding to even get a B. Only take if you are an Indian Philosophy die-hard. He's nice and insightful but too much prior knowledge is expected for an "intro" course.
I like Alan Fox as a person. He's very cool and lectures are interesting and I feel that I've learned a lot. The material can be difficult to understand and when I have gone to him for clarification he doesn't really clear it up, more questions why I don't get it. The midterm was three essays, kinda hard. Interesting subject, hard class.
Prof Fox is so overrated. the people giving him such high praises are in his cult. to break it down, he's a below average professor. I am a pretty good writer and always get good grades on my papers, not in this class. ask him what you did wrong and you will be even more confused than you were to begin with the majority of people that post
His anal-retentiveness comes through in his teaching hardcore. Grades on a whim, tests all short answer/essay, VERY HARD. If you dont click with him, HE WILL FAIL YOU. He memorizes every person's name, so HE KNOWS WHO YOU ARE and EVERY TIME YOU MISS CLASS
nice guy, but id like to know how the hell he grades answers? who is right?
The class is not tough like people talked about, but this professor is not good one to take. In the class, he just follow his thoughts to talk in spite of whether students can follow or not. handwriting is confusing.
Hes not that bad. Not very helpful at all though. Avoid him and try to talk to the TA. How to get an easy A: Go to class and discussion, do as many HW problems as you can, and be prepared when he give out bonus pts. Do this and you'll need to average about a 75 on the tests to get an A.
Very bad professor. if you took AP Biology in high school you should be fine but if you didn't youre out of luck. She goes so fast and just reads off her power points. Tests very hard, 3 and a final(not cumulative). Relied on labs, group projects and the curve.
Dr Schmieg is nice and tries to make you pass. However, I do not really understand what she teaches.
I've seen monkey **** fights more organized than her lectures. Very unclear.
One of the worst classes I have ever taken. The lectures were boring, he solely read off the slides. The exams were fairly difficult and stressful because they were the only thing that counted for a grade. You never actually know you grade either because he goes off of the class average for grading, so we never really knew.
He trys hard to be funny and knows what hes talking about when it comes to the material but hes not good at teaching it. His class was the most boring class in the world and he takes attendance and does clickers way to often for a 250 person lecture. His tests are hard.
The class is pretty difficult. Review sessions run by the TA's saved my grade and made the material much easier to understand. The textbook is kind of a mess and he jumps around a lot. Exams are difficult but manageable if you study. The final was impossible though. Decent guy but the class was boring.
Link created his own textbook but there is no flow to it. He uses a 1980s style "powerpoint" presentation and just listening to him makes you confused. You are expected to know all econ basics before entering the class. He does play funny clips from the tonight show and is a big fan of Top 10 lists. For 151, I'm not sure if you can find better.
this was a pretty hard course, but link's class was good because your grade doesn't solely rely on your exam scores. The review session and problem sets help a lot. A lot of work for the class though
He is a little crazy and has the corniest jokes. Tries too hard to produce a great media teaching style. The tests make you really think and are pretty tough. I would take Harris instead for econ151 and 152...in the end, i got a B and was really suprised.
Oh my god! Too much work for an elective and total d*ck, really cocky, annoying. Takes easy material and twists the words around to try and trip you up. Don't take!
no text, just his manual and he doesn't get why everything is clear, won't help
nice guy, often covers more than you need for the test
man has his evil moments, but he can be amusing on occassion. not good for 8am
This class is painfully boring. He seems like a very nice guy, he isn't afraid to use his own odd form of wit, although some people find his wit awkward, I respect his comfort level up there when he is teaching. The class sucks though, it is difficult kind of, and his teaching style/voice/material is obscenely boring.
DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES ENROLL IN HIS CLASS, YOU WILL REGRET IT....
This is a guy where you will either love him or hate him. I did not like him what so ever. Yes he can crack a joke, yes he knows what he is talking about when it comes to advertising. But he is a jerk. Telling students that their work is sh** and that we don't know anything. If would help if he actually taught something once in a while.Avoid him!
Media Management. This class seems useless to me. We don't do anything with the book at all besides take home tests with it. Every day we listen to him tell us how miserable our lives are going to be. I'm not learning anything. The guest lectures are the only thing that save this class. He's also very unclear on assignments and the syllabus is vagu
I wouldn't take this course unless I only had 12 or less credits and DID NOT have a job. This class will take nearly all your free time. she's an impossible grader, plays favorites, her quizzes are impossible to get A's on, and she's VERY defensive.
Everyone was hatin on this dude but forreal ACC 222 wasn't that bad that semester. If you never went to an econ class and tried to learn everything 2 days before the exam you would've done terribly as well
Peter Brewer is the reason I dropped out of the business school. He is rediculous and his tests are impossible, i studied for 18 hours for the first test and got a 33%, i never missed a class and i still did awful..good fricken luck
Not too hard, but she tries SO hard to be mean! Likes to try to be intimidating
CIS 163 was one of the toughest programming courses I've taken, but Fergie makes it worth it. He is extremely passionate about his topic, even though he can ramble a bit. We had projects due every two weeks, each getting progressively tougher. The lecture is fine, but not necessary for the grade. The tests were tough, too. Take if you like java.
pushed my questions onto his lab assistant dont take if you have no cs experien
Eh, not the best teacher in my opinion. I don't recommend her. She doesn't treat you with much respect and is not very good at answering questions. She also collects homework sometimes for a quiz grade. So you better not have any questions on that and get everything right!.....bad method
Double standards...but it is ok because she is a good Christian. She is a much better person than you will ever be. Rarely collects homework but if she does not like you she will collect it when you are absent or if she gets the feeling that you are not done with it.
she was ok, not to fond of her. She goes extremely fast, and the test are nothing like what we do in class.
He's the worst prof. that I have ever had. True & False exam for grad student?
please find someone else for this class, it was joke not what should be.
I have had a lot of great professors here, Professor Buckridge is one of the few who isn't. He spends most classes talking about near meaningless things for the first 15-45 minutes of class and then speeds through the rest of the lecture because we don't have enough time. He also rejects student ideas. Have much more to say but dont have the space.
Professor Buckridge is a great prof, very knowledgeab and a well rounded, interesting individual. HOWEVER,He gives no slide shows for lectures so you must write notes by what he is saying. He will write key terms on the board but you have to write down all he says and half the time I can't keep up. Nice professor but not a fan of teaching style.
disorganized, kind of mean. Didn't seem to care about individual students, and didn't let students fill out evaluations at the end of class.
i expected so much more out of the class and got a lot less. she is in love with the boring textbooks and doesn't seem to mind that studnets hate reading 3, 10 page essays and the 15 page chapter every week and then having to write a page about them.
She is a very tough grader and is not very specific or clear on how she wants assignments completed. I came into lab thinking it was going to be an easy class but everyone i know in that class is struggling to get anything higher than a 70% on everything we do. However, shes a very nice lady and is willing to work with you outside of the classroom.
Prof. Zeman is very passionate about enviornmental issues but this class is just way too hard for 100 class. First she uses power point, articles , and video clips in class and the 3 quizes will cover ALL material from the class. The semester poject is tough because you have to find a business to help you. Zeman is cool but honestly can't recommend
This is my 4th week in her class. She makes this class way too hard for a gen ed credit. Every week we have to read articles that are hard to follow and write pages of responses that take hours to do. She is a tough grader too! Makes you speak every day in class or no credit. Wish I would've taken a different class...
Make sure to attend class, if not she will make you provide documentation and talk down to you. I never felt welcomed in her office hours because she always made me feel dumb and talked down upon me. She is very sarcastic and if you ask questions will explain it but it's the exact same way she explained it the first time. I wouldn't take again
Worst prof ever. She was very mean to our class, is not clear in how she wants your papers and notebooks done and then grades them very hard. She makes Genetics lab miserable. do not take her for anything!
This prof is the worst! She enjoys watching students strugle and only cares if one or 2 people in the class understand the material not if the class as a whole understands. I would avoid her at all costs!
Avoid this prof unless you want to kill yourself studying for nothing. Her exams are extremely difficult and she will try to trick you. You dont just have to know the material, you have to know it WELL (aka: every detail)
Prof Zeeman is without a doubt the absolute worst professor or teacher I have had to date. Her teaching methods and tests are extremely frustrating and she is not much help at all. She is very unfair. She put out a survey of her teaching methods to the students, and she said she would make the suggested changes, but she has done nothing. Avoid her!
i couldn't stand her class. i thought she was moody and couldn't be reasoned with.
She is by far the worst lab instructor I've ever had! She is very unclear on what do do & write, but grades way too hard! She states that this a a class for non-bio majors, but grades like we are all graduate students... don't take her!
If you want an easy A, this is NOT the lab to take. I think she wants everyone to get an F. Make sure you study EVERYTHING you can for quizes and tests. Takes points off for spelling! RUN!
Awful lab; She's so unclear with the lab report, no one knew what to write. Other lab teachers have much easier quizzes. She can be nice on her good days, but for the most part - try and get another lab instructor!!!
HATED this lab.. she is too tough.. no lee-way whatsoever.. don't take it..
Patricia can be nice and funny, but she is a very tough grader and her online lectures do not exactly cover what is on the exams. When quizzes are do you take them between 4-9pm and if you can't during them times you can either take it late at night or take a 0. Emailed the entire class saying we are cheating while most have a C.
Took her for BIO 355. She puts little to no information on the lecture slides and then grades on every small thing she said in class. Her exams are incredibly hard and very vague. She is a tough grader and often makes you feel dumb when you email her with a question. Would recommend taking a different prof for genetics if possible.
Don't buy the book. She definitely could explain answers to questions and what's on her test better, but all of the info is from her lectures. Go to every one, pay attention, take good notes, and the class is definitely feasible.
She is a decent teacher as far as lectures go BUT i have never seen tests and quizzes with such tricky wording. She just doesn't have any idea how to write a test. She also gets offended when you ask for clarification on things. DO NOT TAKE A CLASS TAUGHT BY HER if A's are important. Our class adv. for the first test was a 69%
Very unclear, interesting stories though. Tests are very hard unless you dedicate a couple hours to study every day.
Interesting class, but her tests and quizzes are hard, she will put on vocab and info she never went over.
Professor is a very nice man, but unfortunately his lectures lack focus (tends to ramble with stories). He will only touch certain topics from each chapter (2 chapters to an exam) and lectures directly out of the book (Literally, with the book in front of the class) You could honestly never go to class, read the chapters, and show up for exams.
HORRIBLE! Be glad if you recieve a C on a exam. He goes over one concept each chapter,so it is up to you to teach yourself. Exams are every other week on two chapters. HE DOES NOT TEACH THE SUBJECT. So avoid if you do not want to be worried all semester if you will pass or not. I regret taking him.
Agree with previous comments. Minimal in class teaching. Exams come straight from the book which he only covers a very small amount of in class, Don't need to attend class at all. You could just read the book, show up on test day, and get an A. If you need a good grade this is the class to take. If interested in being taught..not so much.
He rants and raves about one thing for weeks. The day before the test he will quickly cover the 2 of the 3 chapters the test. He gives you no guidance or quality information. The class is a waste of time. Better off not even going.
He's boring and DOES NOT give any direction for what you need to know for exams
Might be 1st semester he's taught pathophys. He is very scattered, disorganized. Lost our scantrons for first test. Out of 120 people, one A- for first test, no A's. 2d test -- no A's. Many things on the test that he never addresses. The tests are tricky. Section average - 73! Other section - 86. Take other section if at all possible.
Worst 100 Level class ever. Ledrick makes up his own definitions and expects you to know them for the exam. Very confusing and doesnt explain anything.
You think that you'll do well in his class because the concepts seem so basic, and second nature. However, his tests are very misleading, and he doesnt offer much help on better ways of studying. He respects his students which I liked though.
He is horrible. I studied for at least 5 hours for a test and got a D. Class average right now is about a D-. He gives way too much detail and expects you to know everything, even that he didn't teach. Get out if you can!
He's alright, but he covers a ton of stuff in one class... study study study!
Very fun instructor. Goes fast in class, but most notes are from the book. Keep up on the project and don't get behind. I'd take her agian, for any class!
stupid presentation and she is very strict with attendance
if you like less work and efficient class time, this is NOT your prof. if you like loud colorful personalities, enjoyed 1st grade (stories, naptime, crafts, show & tell) and don't mind doing a lot of work you'll LOVE her.
If you participate & take good notes, both from lecture & book, you'll do fine. Get on his good side, and you'll be even better off. He can get annoying because it's hard to follow his teaching style, but overall if he likes you, he'll show it in your final grade. Don't be afraid to speak up!
Really entertaining teacher. He teaches you what he wants, not what the book tells you. Gives hard essay tests, but show up to class and participate and you'll do fine.
Hard class! Hes very smart, but his exams are more in depth that what he teaches in class.
This class was way too much work! Assignments are lengthy and must be exactly the way he wants them. I read the whole book front to back and had six exams throughout the semester. I would never take a class with him as a professor again.
Worst professor I've ever had at GVSU. He's ****, admittedly dislikes other faculty members and speaks poorly of Grand Valley?s programs in general. Only students with no mind of their own would give this guy a smiley face rating.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE... there's nothing left to say... just horrible. Work load high very high stuff... he belittles you and tears you apart when you meet with him alone.. horrible...DON"T TAKE HIM!!!
Doesn't leave much room for other classes. He's on a power trip!
Class was boring as hell. she tried to show clips to keep it interesting but just read from the slides the rest of the time. Really annoying voice and constantly tried to appeal to the males in the class. Tests arent bad as long as you study the slides. 7 random quizzes, she takes the best 5
easy to pass the class. talks way to much about absolutely nothing. talks about students grades openly in front of the entire class. everything is open book/open note.
I have always been really good at math until I took this class. Klingler doesn't ever know what he is talking about. He is constantly asking the class if he did the equations right. The first time I went into his office to ask him if I could see my test he told me he knew he wasn't the best teacher and just wished he could give everyone A's.
It's really a boring class, but it's really easy. Everything is open note and open book, and quizes are open partner. I would go to class because he uses story problems from class on tests... it's easier if you know the answers and work already. He's nice, and will help you out, get the book, it will help on tests and stuff.
Professor burg has been my worst professor in college. He expects you to watch 2+ hr lectures a week and attend class in which both he reads directly off of the slides. He gets mad when people dont ask questions but makes you feel stupid if you do. He is rarely on topic, talks about himself a lot, mumbles, and is extremely cocky. Switch out!
Prof. Burg is very quiet in his lectures and mumbles often. I sat in the 5th row of the lecture hall and had a very hard time hearing him speak. He is very accessible to his students but when I asked him questions I oftentimes felt he was too smart to put the material into simpler terms for me. Be prepared to study A LOT.
Prepare to spend a lot of time outside of classing preparing for his exams. The notes are very unorganized and require quite a bit of effort to try and understand them. They are fill in the blank so attendance to lecture is a must.
This class is not easy, but Burg makes it more difficult than it needs to be. He wants you to ask the "right questions" when asking for help which is impossible if you're just plain confused. His lectures are disjointed. His tests are doable if you study HARD. Beware--the final dropped my A- to a B+ overall. be ready to teach yourself after class!
He isn't good at expaining physiology. His lectures aren't very good, and his tests are much harder than the material calls for and according to the notes that he gives us. Dr. Kipp is a good teacher and I would reccomend him over Dr. Burg. It is possible to get an A or A-, but not many do.
This is a pretty easy class but don't expect any help from him. He is too conceited and into his Dr. title to listen to students. He looses papers often so keep papers saved and don't expect anything back earlier than 3 wks from the time u hand it in
He definately knows his stuff, but he goes way too fast. He does give extra credit, but 5 pts for a 100qst study guide? That could be upped. When you go to him for help, he will sometimes talk to you like you are dumb. Try to get into another sect
Weird guy, but I believe he wants you to pass and do well. Very hard to pay attention to! If I can pass with Burg, than so can you! Prove to him you learned somthing and your trying like crazy, and he'll give you free points!
Nice guy, but you would probably learn more not going to class(but he does take attendance occasionally) and just studying the book,know the objectives he gives you backwards and forwards
As a person, I like this guy. He's funny, in a strange way, but I've seen him dismiss students by staring blankly for 10 secs then turning his back. Liked the class; he really knows physiology, but I felt like I was expected to already know it, too.
ugh, hard to understand... gets frustrated if class is lost.. but will help you if you ask for it after class
She jumps around too much. I had a hard time learning anything.
You probably wont understand the first or second day of each chapter, but make sure you still take notes on the gibberish, it will make sense later! If you do the homework and know the worksheets he passes out in class, youll ace the tests if you are decently smart. He does enjoy making fun of people who asks questions he deems as stupid.
It doesn't help that I'm not a math person AT ALL. It also definately didn't help that it seemed like all that Prof. Hong gave us was powerpoint presentations. I would not want to take him again, I had trouble on the tests and understanding what he was saying/talking about sometimes. Not recommended
Hard to understand, not flexible on absences but pleasant to be around.
Her class was very confusing at times. She was very confusing when using SAP in class. Her projects were challenging and appropriate. Her exams were very difficult they are short answer or fill in the blank. Many answers were subjective so it was hard to know what she was looking for in a correct answer. I would not take her again if I had a choice
RUN AWAY! Take any other teacher but her. She assigns projects on computer programs assuming you already know how to use them. She doesn't help at all if you have questions. She thinks she's helping, but she's pretty useless. There are barely any instructions to assignments, and when their are parts are usually missing leaving the class frustrated.
She likes to hear herself talk. I don't know when I'm going to need to know this stuff again, and it was pointless. I hated her lectures, and she is constantly repeating herself!!
He seems reasonable and very knowledgeable at first, which he is very knowledgable. However, with the "daily prep", Labs, problem of the week, webwork, studying and normal homework, the work for this course is entirely unreasonable. He is ready to help, but his expectations are much too high.
I couldn't stand the guy. He completely belittled me and my friend in the class felt the same way. I would be happy never seeing him ever again.
Good teacher. Don't make him mad or he'll make your semester miserable.
funny guy, but not very clear about his expectations - took as a gen ed... don't expect a good grade unless you are an amazing writer and have all of shakespeares work memorized.
He gave more homework than i've ever experienced. the work isnt too dificult and participation and attendance are like 50% of your grade, if you go to class and do your homework you will get a pretty good grade, i went to every class ended with the A and then didnt have to take the final
grading system is TOTALLY unclear...basically he gives you whatever you want. i got A's on all the tests most of the homework and didn't turn in 2 workbooks, and got a B in the class. called me a 'classic underachiever' when i turned in my final. he does tend to pick on certain students. it's funny at first, but gets old after a while.
Way too much homework for 150 class. He expects too much out of his students. Not and easy a by any means. He always talks down to his students and willingly berates you in class. Kinda funny sometimes though.
You must know your spanish to be in his class. He has a very energetic teaching approach, but moves at a fast pace and skips around A LOT. He gives TONS of homework, and is unclear on assignment.I would NOT recommend unless you took 4yrs in High School.
Even though she is a very nice lady and tries to be helpful, she generally just ends up confusing you more with her slurred speech and mumbling. I was often confused on what she wanted and had to change my writing to suit her tastes. I suggest taking this class with somebody else if you're looking to learn.
Yes, she is a nice lady. But the class was poorly constructed. We had no work due the first 6 weeks, and then a paper due almost every week after. We read some great things, but I had a difficult time understanding her because she often speaks softly. She does grade fairly. I consider it an easy A.
I'm and English major, and I'm scared to keep going after this class. This woman is so unclear and the class lacks structure. The only thing she has going for her is that all opinions are welcome as long as they can be backed up. She mumbles and is hard to understand. Oi, find a different prof.
Interesting subject - yet he is very boring! Very unclear about projects.
Half of the time I didn't know what this class was about. Jelier isn't interested in student progress, only confusing you more. Exams are difficult for everyone, even those who read everything. Class is interesting though, Jelier just doesn't know how to relate to students and picks favorites.
Good Prof but hard to get a good term paper grade, makes up chicago formating
This professor is okay but she tends to get off topic. The tests are not too hard if you study and she gives you the essay questions to look at before the tests. There is a 7-10 page paper. Lectures can be pretty boring at times.
Psychology has always been interesting to me but Galen made me enjoy it a little less. He doesn't seem to have a passion for what he's teaching, and all of the lectures are essentially him speaking in a monotone voice for an hour. Weekly quizzes with no prior notice and if you aren't there on quiz day you get 0 points w/ no retakes.
Very confusing, has the attitude "it is what is, I don't make exceptions." Not helpful at all, would not recommend.
If you've never had prior programming experience, don't expect to understand Scripps' lectures. Having said that, he is very nice and a fun prof.
Horrible teaching style. Doesn't like to help students new to programming.
I do not like computers. I tried my best but here is the thing. David K Lange is by far one of the greatest guys you will ever meet. He is funny and awesome. It was my toughest class but I learned more than I expected.
He requires his students to use a textbook he wrote and it is not very well done. The problems are very hard to understand. He also requires you to teach the lesson to yourself before class and then take a quiz, which destroyed grades because the textbook was hard to understand. He took an easy class with easy concepts and made it complicated.
Would not recommend taking her. Lectures seemed fairly simple and straightforward, but the exams are tough. Her exam questions are tricky and confusing, and there are numerous typos. The nutrition booklet you had to buy that she wrote was awfully written and confusing, too. Didn't really learn much at all in this class.
Professor or (Doctor) Nochera is my worst professor so far at GVSU. First, she does not teach out of the book, she teaches on personal experience and her other job. She then proceeds to give you exams on material in the book. This would not be a problem, but the way the information is presented on the exam is very confusing. DO NOT TAKE HER. GO GV!
This might be the worst professor I have ever had. She talks very very fast, and gives you no time to take notes. The notes are irrelevant on the tests though, more than half of the material on the tests is never covered in class or in the book. She tried more to be our personal nutritionist than to actually teach us the material.
Bottom line worst prof ever. material covered in class was never on the test, which made them impossible. Class was pretty boring. She talks too fast and just scribbles on the bored. she takes attendance every class and singles you out if you walk in late. I even went to her office hours and it did not help. do not take this prof.
Nochera is very energetic. She is kinda rude but I don't think it's intentional. She isn't too helpful either. Read the book to pass tests. Not a memorization type class... Test questions are based on info she says but not directly... more application than anything. No final exam. She grades pretty easily if you make a fuss for more points.
Unclear about what you need to know, not very helpful, vague teaching, talks too
Dr. H is very boring but is helpful when you ask. The exams are nothing like the review and she puts things that you never learned on it. She is a very unfair grader and gives the people who are lazy more chances to bring their grade up and the good students just get what they get. I would highly suggest avoiding her as a teacher.
This prof. was hard to follow. Granted, CHM 116 is not an easy class to begin with, but the prof. did not make it any easier. Explanations were hard to follow, and I got a feeling that she just didn't want to be there half the time. The class could have been easier had she put in more effort.
She's probably not a good professor to take first semester of your freshman year (if you're able to skip out of 115 like I did). Her exams are incredibly hard and will scare you to death. However, you're not guaranteed to fail. I got a B. Her quizzes are very easy, as is the online homework. Do well on everything else (lab too) and you'll be fine.
****, DONT take her, unclear lectures, tests impossible, 80% class failed
he is boring and does not always get to all the material on the quizes. You really have no choice, you will have to have him if you are an EE or ME.
Easy, if you pay attention you will do well. But try not to fall asleep.
His quizzes are like puzzles, and that is all you are graded by. Nothing but memorization. DO NOT miss a quiz, he won't let you retake it. The class is rediculous, sub-highschool level usefullness.
Enjoyed Class. New Class ASP.Net no longer CICS. I was really interested in the class. Seemed like we ran out of material to cover.really enjoyed class though would recommend.
Don't miss a class or you up the creek. Don't bother asking for COBOL help because she "Doesn't teach cobol" so you better know it cold. No JCL coding but you HAVE to do well on the projects because they just build off each other. Screw this, get permission to take 380 instead!
NO Please run the other way. She is horible. Work load is rediculous.
I took this class hoping to get a better idea if engineering was something I wanted to pursue. This was the wrong class to take. Johnson spent the entire semester just telling us the different fields of engineering you can pursue. The class was a waste of time, but you are pretty much only graded on attendance, so I couldn't skip.
Class is VERY boring and it's not really helpful. All we did was go to class and hear him speak for two hours. Gave us four assignments. He's a picky grader. In some classes we had to disassemble a laptop and a printer and write papers about them.
Not a single word of this class description, including the title, was accurate. This class is essentially a semester of busywork chosen at random, with nothing to actually learn. The lectures are dry and rambling. The professor is a nice guy and I'm sure he's a great engineer, but I could have taken apart a printer on my own time and saved $1000+.
Stay away. Bad professor. He is absolutely obsessed with printers and computers. Went into the class wanting to learn more about engineering and the class did not teach me anything i already didn't know.
He is very easy, but extremmly unclear and will just start talking about computer things that the students have no idea what he's talking about. Class is worthless and you learn stuff you'll never use
Material and notes were unclear. Don't plan on learning, memorize only.
He definitely treats this lower level class way more seriously than need be. I wouldn't have passed if I hadn't already had a background in music. I tutored students in this class to help them get their grades from a D to a B. Very harsh grading, but he really knows this subject back and forth. Super organized and clear. He's just not very personal
I love, love, LOVE marching band because of the people you meet and the stuff we do, but I cannot stand Prof. Martin. He is a jerk and will completely embarrass you in front of the entire ensemble if the mood strikes him right. He has little to no tact and it seems like he will pick a few people out from the class and constantly yell at them.
hypocrite!! yeah, yeah he is...expects you to be on time but makes you late to your next one when he holds you over for his class. He hates clarinets...and i do not appreciate that. I guess he's a good director, sometimes.
bad class, boring, yells at students who don't know how to play something
He is NOT a nice guy. Loves music majors. If not one(me) watch out. Plays favs.
I think he is senile. He repeats the same damn boring stories over and over. Doesn't give review sheets. His 3 hour class made me insane enough to chew on my own arm. By the end of the class, I am laughing maniacally in the back of the class like a RAVING LUNATIC. I need some Valium or something!
Awful professor. Yes, I'm sure he's had a lot of interesting times, but I'm paying to learn about sociology, not him. And as for "not liking him because Michigan is republican," I'm very liberal, and I still dislike him. This class COULD have been fun and interesting.
He is very unorganized, tests on things that we are supposed to read in the book, lectures on other things in class, tests and quizzes are very hard to study for, if I were a sociology seeking major, i'd change my major
Very boring and hardly talks about relevant topics. I learned nothing in class--only from the book.
MUST do readings, other than that go to class but ignore him, he teaches nothing
tough class, but knows his stuff and receptive to questions, a little creepy
Okay, I admit. She definitely played favorites and was sometimes unclear. Make sure you TYPE everything, doesn't matter what it is, TYPE it. The book project feels overwelming but in the end, I found it to be a lot of fun and it will be a great teaching tool one day. Class can be boring at times but I didn't mind too much and I got an A.
She is very disorganized! She changes her mind about what she wants. Drop
Overall you could tell he cared about his students, but he was very strict about when we could ask questions, and got in 2 arguments with 2 different people in my class about that. To me kind of comes off as rude. Very tough grader, but there are a lot of opportunities for bonus points on the homework.
If you love this subject, you will be very discouraged after "taking this class." (It was made so difficult I can honestly say I didn't retain more than 20%) Take another section!
He is a funny guy especially when he tells his dumb poem everytime someone is absent. I liked how we were able to e-mail him questions that we think should be on the test and he actually picked 2 of my questions for the final, word for word. I however don't recommend him because he wastes a lot of time talking about pointless things.
Not too much homework. However, his tests are too hard. Even the advanced math tutors couldn't figure out one of our take home probs.
Listen up- He is hard, but a good teacher if you pay attention and try.
The homework is completely different than the exams and her notes are a little confusing and disorganized. Danko made Accounting tough but if you are ready to study it is passable.
While very passionate, she assumes everyone else is as passionate about accounting as she is. If you have no desire to pursue accounting as a major, beware of long lectures and endless homework. She tends to respond to questions with an attitude that makes you not want to ask her anymore questions.
She isn't a bad teacher, but she FLYS through the material. I struggle a bit with math/acct. etc. so it was hard to stay on track. I worked hard for a C, but I think that taking this class for 1 hour 3 days per week made it more confusing. Not the hardest tests or homework, and she tells you what is on them. She's not bad, but not the best.
Really did not care about our learning. First time teaching 213 in a while was very confusing and made a lot of mistakes. She was nice. But was not helpful. Office hours were a joke
Well, the class wasn't that bad, except that it was completely useless. It is an easy A as long as you do the HW, and know how to write good essays. The lectures are *boring*, and drawn out...Essentially a blabber fest of nothing that good
Professor White was very kind. Theres a lot of rewriting and extra things we had to do with each papers we had to write. First half of the class was always spent talking about things I personally found irrelevant. Gives minimal time to do peer editing which stinks because I found the peer edits to be very affective. Cant miss over 4 days.
One of my least favorite prof's at GV, try not to take if possible. She heavily requires attendance and treats students like they are still in Highschool. Don't take her, she takes a relatively easy class and makes it hard.
Paul is a super nice guy but you can't understand him. He doesn't clarify the projects. I took this cause I had to for foundations and I would NEVER do it again. You basically just do random stuff. You jump from project to project, sometimes 3 at a time and your always confused. He's crazy with the way he only cares about that class no other one.
This class can be really confusing but you just have to stick with it and put a lot of effort into it. Listen to what Paul has to say and work with suggestions he may give you. A lot of people don't like him, but give him a chance and try and work with him...he does help people even if they don't always realize it.
Hard to understand what he expected...don't miss class..it will kill you
Overall Jodee is a nice person, but rambles a lot during lectures. Quizzes every week, 4 exams through out the year, no homework. She is not very good at communicating when quizzes and exams will be during the week and usually throws them out there whenever. Personally would not take her again.
Tests straight from lectures. Journals have unclear expectations. Nice guy. Skips around a lot, don't feel like I've learned anything in the class but the grade doesn't show it.
Class is fun to go to but the tests are so impossible to get an A in. I study like hell and get B's and C's. Take the class if u want to be amused but other then that steer clear!
class could be interesting...just read the book and use test bank and you will definitly get a B...however keep in mind there is no plus or minuses
just lots of memorization, don't really learn anything
Very hard. Will pick on the same people all the time. Makes you feel really stupid
dont ever take him for this class he dosent seem to know what he is doing
His class is impossible to keep up with, doesn't realize you have other classes
The material is difficult, but his teaching works against you. Avoid if possible
I'm not a math peron... Went to EVERY SINGLE CLASS! and EVERY review session. "A" on every quiz and hw. Visited mult times during office hours.. still gave me a bad grade. I feel like she was out to get me. Beware!!!
Dr. Novotny is a very intelligent woman. So intelligent, that she makes her students feel stupid. She spends the first few minutes of class complaining about her life. She expects you to remember everything from 210. She makes you feel even more stupid for coming to her office hours. I would never recommend her to anyone.
Professor Simon was a very caring professor and was very understanding. However, her class is very heavy on note taking and that was really all we did. I would be forced to teach myself the content on my own outside of class because I was trying to keep up with her notes in class. However, she offered lots of extra credit to boost people's grades.
She will give you notes that she expects you to know word by word. Not all material on tests are covered in class; however, the book covers less than what she teaches in class. You can do alright if you really study the notes, but don't expect an A.
She is a nice lady. But without my adderall her class is horrible. She goes over slides the whole class. I had over 125 slides that I wrote at least 10 sentences with information she gave us. She doesnt explain things well at all. Exams are impossible. Knowing the main concepts is useless. The exam test you on smallest details of smaller details.
Very nice professor. She goes on rants and writes all of these things at once and is hard to follow. Her power points and clicker questions are very helpful studying for the exams. She does start sentences loud enough to hear then by the end of the sentence you can't hear her. But she is very lenient on worksheets and quizzes. consider changing
I would advice people to take a different professor for 120. There's a lot of material and she is not that good at teaching it and making it simpler. She just makes it more confusing and isn't very helpful. Easy quizzes every week but hard tests.
Don't bother buying the textbook...I never opened mine once during the semester. This professor is okay, her lecture is EXTREMELY boring, and she is a tough grader. You can never get 100% on anything, she will find one little thing to mark you down on. Overall she would not be my first choice as a professor, but I have had worse.
She is not a very good prof. Knows Bio but can be quite intimidating. Hard class. Lots of work. Take someone else who really cares more. She's good at answering questions though.
He is a very good teacher however his tests do not match up to his lectures and study sheets. Not enough points in class except tests, quizzes and lab.
My favorite professor I have had at UNCA. Very knowledgeable and fun to talk to... Definitely take her if you can!
Very nice guy, but has some flaws as a professor. He talks so softly that it's hard to hear him, even when sitting in the front row; uses "ummm" A LOT; very bad with returning grades in a timely fashion. He does know his stuff though, and he is helpful!
She was an alright teacher, I felt it kind of disturbing how it was almost the end of the semester and she didn't know who I was. She seemed like she favored a few people in class. She also was kind of annoying.
She tries to be your freind more than your teacher. She never taught, we did more teaching than she did. She does have favorites too. I learned absolutely nothing, the class was a waste of time.
Took amazing notes and attended every lecture but still got a D on my first exam. Her grading is ridiculous and she focuses on miniscule details rather than important topics. Prepare to work HARD and study for hours on end or don't take this class
Wow, through class you seem like you know the info taking notes. You go to study for the test and read the chapters, make notecards from the books and your notes. Then on the tests are tiny details from the book that have little or nothing to do with what was learned in class. Test us on what we learned, not random facts! Stay away from this class
Professor Pestana is a really nice and funny man. However, this class is insanely hard. It is unclear what he wants on his 5 quizzes and those are the only grades the entire semester. Doesn't post anything on blackboard and if you skip class you missed a whole lecture because everyday he hand writes notes on the board. Nice man but had material.
If you want my advice on how to do well in his class, then here it goes: BE A PHILOSOPHY MAJOR! I didn't know half of what he was talking about; though to be honest, he really did try to present the material. Lot's of class participation.
Awesome personality, but when it comes to teaching..not so much. Only had 3 papers over all the plays we read which was nice, but he takes an awfully long time to return them. I didn't read one single play..we watched movies for most of them and just sparknotes did the trick for me. Got an A- in the class without ever opening the book. Tough grader
This professor is truly brillant. However, he is unable to the knowledge that he knows and clearly present it to his students. He is unclear about papers and grading. He takes at least a month or more to finally give them back with an unclear grade of A/B or B/C.
Professor Cain is a very nice guy... His lectures are just so boring, it was hard to attend (since participation doesn't matter). Exams are tough, C- average I'd say but he's a curver! Not as terrible as I was expecting... and I'm one of those people who don't study until 2 days before the exam.
You literally have to have every picture/slide memorized to do alright on the test. The only good thing is that 60 is a C, so you won't fail, but it's extremely challenging to get an A.
He seemed to like what he was teaching but he was a little unprepared. He doesn't put the note up online that he says he would until a day or two before the test and then it is too late. Read the book beacause you may not get any other help from him
this guy is terrible..tests are very very unclear, and lectures are even worse. no one can stay awake b/c all he does is show pictures and talk. labs save your grade a little but avoid him if you can. nice guy, just can not teach.
He clearly knows a lot about the subject but when it comes to teaching it he's lacking. His lecture videos are long and monotone so it's difficult to stay focused and not get bored. He's very rude when it comes to addressing questions, he gets frustrated quickly when you don't understand something and says it's easy when it really isn't.
Try not to take him at all costs. I turned down a different prof just to get out of a night class& had carlson instead & it ended up being the worst mistake thus far into college. Do not take him. Nice guy but too smart to teach adequately. I love chem & would like to think im decent at it & Im struggling a lot in his class. I will have to retake
His lectures are not very organized and clear which makes learning from him quite difficult. His tests are not terrible, but very much free response heavy. I recommend getting a tutor and seeing him outside of class.
His lectures were terrible and boring. His study guides were rarely relevant to the actual tests, and if you read the book you'd be better off than going to lecture. He has a dry sense of humor and teaching style. Get out of his class if possible!
She is not the easiest grader and does appear to favor some students over another. However, you can revise your papers and they aren't long papers, so its easy to revise till you get an A. If you don't mind revising, then getting a good grade isn't that hard. Otherwise, find a more flexible, fair-minded teacher for a better grade.
I thought I would take this class as an elective and it would be fairly easy and interesting. It quickly got really boring and really tough. The homework is fairly easy but the tests are the most obscure things I've ever seen. This class owned my GPA.
should be a 2nd writing requirement filler, but it's not. AVOID
This class is the devil, get out now while you still can!!
DEFINITELY AVOID HER CLASS!! I took 4 years of high school french and struggled in her class. She is of little help and has no sympathy. She expects you to know a lot from the beginning and makes you come to class even though it is pointless. There is not nearly enough time for her extremely long and hard exams. Definitely avoid taking a language!!
He doesn't seem to know the difference between what we should know to understand the material and what is chemistry... he expects us to remember everything he says, even stuff from classes we didn't take with him... Our faults are evidence of our stupidity, his faults are just funny to him... News flash: none of us have been to grad school!!!
Dwelle meant well and he was nice, but, like everyone else has said, he didn't make much clear and didn't really grade in any kind of realistic way. I got an A in his workshop, but he kept telling us things about modern writing that weren't true. I don't think he reads new books, you know?
Not very clear on what he is looking for - makes writing papers a bit confusing. Class can be boring at times, but overall, not too bad. It's easy.
This is an ok class. Unfortunately 50% of your grades are on negotiations that are unfair and unclear. You have no idea on what you are negotiating on basically. He is too lazy to make the negotiations fair.
This class is a waste of time. It's frustrating that Dr. Newton makes it hard in addition to it being a waste of time. She grades extremely tough with litter instructions. The only groups that I know who got A's constantly went to office hours to convince her they were trying and deserved good grades.
Dr. Newton took over 2 hours to go over a 15 slide powerpoint consistently. She gave us very few assignments: a powerpoint and an essay, neither of which had clear directions. She is a very tough grader because of this. She is not understanding or available to her students for questions.
Dr. Newton is a very tough grader on evidence based papers. Meet up with her if at all possible!
Exams are alright, but she is not helpful when it comes to the research paper. You are given one chance to submit a copy for feedback, which was pointless. She doesn't even give you appropriate ways to improve your paper, so you will still get stuff marked off if it isn't exactly what she wants.
this class is hard so far. anyone who has suggestions on what the tests are like that took this course, help out please. any info for this class would help!
I was contemplating whether or not this was a History class or a Political Science class because this guy would not shut up about his own political views that no one cared about. Words can't describe the stuff that would come out of this guys mouth. If you want a class that bashes the president the whole time then this class is for you. Waste.
unorganized and very hard to follow. I have never taken any coding/programming before so its such a struggle. never teaches just lets you figure it out on your own. don't get me wrong, hes a good guy and very nice but as a prof stay clear
He's very unclear and very scatterbrained. Several people in the class had to purchase books on how to learn Java, because of his lack of teaching. Had to drop the class.
She is very awkward and corny in class,, I spent a lot of time pity laughing and feeling sorry for her when my classmates were clearly unamused. That being said, the class itself was boring, but essential. It is waaaay too hard for a gen ed. She told us that "This class should be a priority" Its a gen ed, it is no-one's priority.
Prof. V. was ok. She is a very kind person during class and is funny, but can be cold occasionally when asking questions or rude to the kids who are having a hard time grasping the subject. Her exams are super hard and the homework wasn't explained very well most of the time. She also offers 30 points extra credit.
Good luck with this one. I thought it was going to be fun, but he seems to make it more about telling you what he knows.
Boring class and he rambled. You'll have to go see performances at the GVSU theatre and write reviews on them, but that's fairly easy. The tests can be tricky. They're multiple choice, true/false, and essay. The reviews he gives don't help at all, and he expects you to remember minor details. He does curve tests which helps. I don't recommend him.
Tests are the only things graded besides clicker scores which don't affect the grade enough. Anytime someone answers a question she says "A for the the day" and after the first few times you hear it your gonna want to never hear her voice again. Tests were hard and questions were worded poorly. Don't take this class as a breadth, not worth it.
This class with Rogers was terrible. Do yourself a favor and DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS! Save yourself the time and take something more interesting with a professor that is actually energetic or at least moves away from the table once or twice and tries to keep the students engaged.
I would definately not recommend the distance version of this class. 4 multiple choice tests sounds easy, but they were terribly unclear. I have all a's and 4 b's and this was my first c. The materials, i.e. the book and notes are easy to read, but the tests are terrible. You can not understand what she is asking. Steer clear, find another A group.
While the content of the course wasn't too bad, the sexist and pseudo-racist comments made at certain novel characters weren't appreciated by this English major. Unfortunately I have to take another of her classes, but I don't look forward to it at all.
Avis is a nice professor, but she's extremely scatter-brained. Its easiest to agree with her opinions when writing papers. Class is very unfocused and often seems pointless, but you do learn. The handbook we used was expensive and we rarely use it in class.
Although i find her class quite amusing, she rambles off topic so often that almost no one in the class is following her, and then she expects us to not only comprehend what she just said but to also quickly come up with analytical statements based on that information. She is a terrible person to ask for help, and her exams are very difficult.
she means well, but she can't stay on topic.
Listening lists are 2-3 times as big as other profs, literally. If you KNOW music probably isn't hard, for rest of us its way too much work for a Gen ed, let alone a 100lvl gen ed. The "easy" stuff is knowing rhythem and "Color" or texture, give me a break!
To be completely honest I'm a nursing student and was busy enough as it is and Professor Rhoads required a lot of work outside of the class (a massive group project that required you to go to events, a ridiculous amount of reading, etc.) His lectures didn't cover anything on the exams, he required lots of group work which I really didn't like.
Very good prof, but going to class is almost pointless. you can learn everything you'll need besides the few slides he shows on his own work. He is also a bit unclear on what he wants at times.
didn't really like him, he is boring, and goes off on tangents that no one gets
This class is very tough. The grading is made up of three exams, three case write-ups, class participation, final exam, term paper, and in-class quizzes. Yatin is very knowledgeable in finance and the class is very lecture-heavy. Although the class is pretty difficult, he did provide our class with extra credit points one day during class.
This was a horrible experience. I would NOT recommend this professor to anyone unless you are a finance genius. The best I ever did is when I ignored his lecture and read/studied straight from the book. The Wall Street Journal reviews are pointless and a waste of time/money. This professor is not very accessible and I would never recommend him.
This class was kind of difficult. Your grade is determined pretty much off the midterm and final and a few other homework's. You have one small presentation by yourself that is about 1-2 minutes so not terrible. Does random in class participation so showing up would be beneficial. He is very strict on rules. Idk not my fav
He donesn't teach anything at all and his lectures are very boring :(
this guy is nuts! He is a complete spaz and is all over the place-can be very confusing. Very nice person though & VERY HIGH ENERGY. I personally would not take him again though- he was a bit much for me.
I had thought he was a great teacher, but when he was helping me on a project he was extremely rude and dismissive. He is arrogant and does not actually care about his students. Sounds harsh? Believe it.
Class is mandatory, but you won't learn anything, the exams are very close to the practice tests, and can be passed by pure memorization. If class was not mandatory I would not have gone since we were lectured at for over an hour twice a week for a full semester mostly about his theories and ideas. It's easy to get a good grade, but it's tedious.
Honey I Shrunk the Kids all the way. go to class every time to get easy grade
Prange would barrage our class with insults, **** remarks and threats. The class was a waste of my time and I'm glad it's over. I'd rather drop out of school than take this course again.
stange and mostly nubulous sense of humor. she can be helpful if you see her at office hours, but is prone to condescension. don't recommend.
My first year at bc. not impressed. She gives way too much homework and keeps her students until the end of class and a couple of times over. If you get lucky and happen to get out early it's only because she has work to do. Very anti-religion and found her to be offensive (I'm Catholic) Avoid at all costs.
Too much work for a speech class! Avoid her if you're not a comm. major.
Garrison means well, but doesn't do well when it comes to teaching B3A. Only take this class if you plan on having perfect attendance for the semester and if you have transportation out of town for the two projects required. Lots of outside studying time will be needed to understand that vast amount of material covered.
She's an awful teacher. Her lectures are so damn long and boring. The test are soooo hard that you can't even understand them. My advice is not to take this class with her. Take it with somebody else.
she has a lot of good reviews because she's not a bad teacher. She's very passive-aggressive though. and gosh forbid you miss class, she's super extra about that even though when I registered for this course it said it was hybrid on her syllabus, that was a fat lie so that wasn't cool on her part. so much work for this class, homework takes hours
Denny was a really nice guy, not a great prof. He only reads from powerpoints and goes off on tangents. He only has three exams (but you can opt-out of the final if you miss two or fewer classes) and a group project. His blackboard was especially unhelpful. He expects you to read the book for most of the information. Exams were fairly easy though.
Offered extra credit then never graded it. Always went off on tangents. Test material is primarily all lecture material, but there are a lot of questions from book that are barely touched on in lecture.
Majority of the class is lecture and minimal point opportunities Great professor and person alone, if need help always willing to meet
Alright everybody, I'll tell it how it is. FACT: His syllabus/classroom policies are without question in conflict and borderline hypocritical. He's simply very unclear. It is also true that he goes off on meaningless tangents (far too often). He is not a difficult prof however. Lenient grader with easy EC. Knowledgeable, but unorganized prof.
Terrible professor... knows his topic, maybe a little too well... but his lectures are very unorganized and he jumps from one topic to the other.. Read the book and you should be okay.
Nice guy just hard to understand, POINTLESS CLASS, way too many dumb stories
Wu is a nice man. However, this class seemed pointless because Wu frequently got off topic. This happens a lot and is not a good thing because you will still get a quiz the next day even if you didn't go over the material.
Loved his personality, but he was a really bad professor. His syllabus was super disorganized, his "lectures" were YouTube videos that he didn't even make, and he would take off points for literally everything. This class was the hardest class I've ever taken, and it definitely didn't need to be that way. Take someone else for the sake of your GPA.
He's nice at first but makes for a mess of a professor. If you ask him Qs he will go down a rabbit hole and not answer what you're asking. He does not make an effort to prepare students for his quizzes/papers/exams. He lazily relies on 1 semester-long group project where you're stuck at the level of the lowest achiever with no way out. avoid
This is an honest review. He is very nice, very willing to help if you show him you care a little, but is very unclear in his assignments, papers, and sometimes even exams. Its hard to understand what he wants from you, that being being said he is more then willing to help vis zoom or email. Very frustrating class to be in tho...
He really doesnt do much to help you get a good grade. The criteria for every single paper is very unclear. Including the tests. You pretty much have to be in class cuz thats the only way youll know what will be on the test. Take good notes because you will never pass if u dont. Make sure u read everything too. Overall, I wouldnt take him.
Extremely unclear when it comes to assignments. Assigns an unrealistic amount of reading. This isn't a psychology class, just a basic overview of how the media works. If you've taken social psych you won't learn anything new. Takes twenty minutes to explain a very simple topic, always relates everything back to politics, not psychology.
WORST PROFESSOR EVER! Do not take! Very unclear as to what he wanted out of us. helpful if you went to his office hours but in class seems very confused and we neevr really went over anything new until he tried craming all of it in the last week. Tests are extremel hard! My whole class was just hoping for a C to pass the SW. DO NOT TAKE!!
I don't want to be too mean because he's a really nice guy but he grades really hard & expectations aren't very clear. Attendance isn't madatory, but you'll be lost if you miss a class. 3 cummulative exams and 1 7-10 page research paper, heavy on statistics.
Make sure you do all the extra credit opportunities he provides! His exams are tricky but you can still get a decent grade if you do extra credit. This class may be a good option for pass/fail especially if it is for your theme.
Willing to work with you outside of class, not the most proficient at BB or online but will make an effort if thats the only way that you can meet with him. He is unclear about expectations and whats going to be on the exam, but I found the material and readings (aside from the first) very interesting. Good class to take credit/no credit
Unorganized and hard to know what to study for. No structure to class. Nice guy.
This class is nothing like you expect it to be and class isn't organized.
great guy, extremely interesting. Tests are huh? Entertaining, funny
This is the hardest class... tests are so difficult and doesn't give good notes.
Grades are arbitrarily assigned, as are test questions. He uses videos a lot in class, which is where most of the learning comes from...definitely not from him alone!! I would not recommend this professor unless you are a VERY active participant
Hope you enjoy reading because that's most of the class. The quizzes take up the entire hour she gives you, with some feeling like you need more time. Look at the chapter objectives before reading to get an idea what may be on the quiz. She is extremely harsh when she grades the group project. She expects things on there you won't know she wants.
THE MOST BORING CLASS IN ALL OF TIME !! Don't go to class, don't take notes, don't read book.. worthless class.. just study the practice exams.. your fine.. he just rambles on about economic theory that he has never used in his entire life..
His tests are extremely hard. If u r good at writting essays you'll be fine if not then... He won't give any hints or anything like that. U only get 3 tests. I also notice, he doesn't favor Christian students.
tough class, and tests are kinda hard,but he is willing to help during office hrs.Get a recorder to class becoz he talks fast and it would help to catch up on lecture notes. overrall it was an ok class.
Take him with caution. Very, very quirky. He will punish you if you do not attend the lectures, which are typically rife with upper-level dad jokes and random stories about his life. He can break down the material decently. He cares about students, but he's too idealistic for grace. As a lawyer, he is extremely legalistic about every aspect.
His grading policy, attendance/tardy policy, and his lectures are ridiculous. Had negotiations with other students about once a week where we negotiated each other for our grade, essentially. Which was 40% of our grade. If you lie and cheat you can get 100's on the negotiations. Tests were HARD 20 questions over 150 pg of text. Annoying lectures.
He has no mercy. One absence over the set limit and you fail. A lot of absences and he'll take your class participation points away. Counts a tardy as half an absence.
He is not a good teacher, he takes roll before official class time starts, then after you have been late more than twice, it reflects your grade and he deducts points. Also if you don't give him the answer he is looking for he downgrades you and makes you look dumb and does not help you Very Bad!
Terrible teacher. He does not give any review for the tests, he just relies on the book and thinks that you should know the book like the back of your hand.
DO NOT take Wilgen; I repeat do not! She is so redundant, gets on the worst tangents, she is inconsiderate and calls students out to put them on the spot. Honestly one of the rudest/worst professors I've ever had. Also strangely anal and likes to hear herself talk.
Class is pointless and really boring, but you have to go because she takes attendance. When doing assignments make sure you quote from Nash as much as possible. She will love you if you compliment her outfits, and talk about how ethical dilemmas affect your life
He keeps the same slide up and just talks the rest of the time which makes taking notes very difficult. His tests are tricky and it is more than likely he will put you to sleep. Sometimes the class is interesting and you can tell he is passionate about his job however his teaching style is horrendous.
This class is extremely boring. Dr. Addo is not an engaging lecturer, and does not seem to have any real world experience to talk about. The mid-term was not easy because it seemed almost randomly pulled out of the notes. He doesn't use the book at all, no need to buy it.
Attendance is mandatary, no exams, the final is a six-page paper. More interaction with the TA then the actual professor but that was not a problem. A good grade is definitely attainable in this class.
Easy class, but doesn't have much direction. It's all reading and WebCT discussion. Attendance is mandatory -- lectures are about what she wants to talk about, what interests her, etc. Overall, boring and a waste of time. Not clear on most assignements
He was an okay Prof. He knew a lot about the material, which was helpful. But the majority of the test was off the textbook, which is huge. There was a lot of material you had to learn by yourself because his lectures didn't not correlate with the textbook.
This class was the most frustrating I've taken. The reading is insanely boring, outdated, and has very little impact on the class. Every class period was assigned student-led discussion. No notes, no tests, but nothing interesting either. Hardest part is he "wrote" the book. Definitely not a fan of his teaching style. I wouldn't recommend him...
This class is extremely hard because of the prof. He has random lectures, that put the entire class to sleep and these lectures are added to a test on six chapters of the test on a text that he does not teach at all. Try to avoid Makepeace.
Definitely do not recommend this professor. He was very condescending and actually laughed at an honest, good student when he asked a true question. He communicated nothing in class. I learned from the TA when possible and from the text book only. He also expects you to know how to use a breadboard for lab. About half the class dropped this course.
Incredibly condescending. Half the class is going to get a D or lower and he claims we need to change our study habits. His lectures are very basic and realistically pointless. Takes no responsibility for poor test and quiz results. Ultimately, you're going to have to teach yourself everything. And I mean everything.
5 homework assignments, 5 quizzes (content is what she goes over in 2 mins during that class period, then quiz at end), 2 exams, and a final group project. She is the type of person to get mad at you when she doesn't teach you the material. Make friends in the class quickly
The class was OK. Attendance was mandatory and hard to make up points for that class. I liked how the group project was broken up over the span of the semester. However, she was very vague with answering questions regarding the project or during tests which was annoying.
Ellen may come off all nice but shes crazy. No one takes ERP systems seriously except ellen monk. If you cant get concepts she doesnt help you. VERY uninteresting and takes off points for EVERY little thing. Im a very hard worker and got a b-
She gets mean sometimes. When in the computer lab, she doesn't fully explain what we are doing. You sit there like an idiot while the people around you are probably doing the same thing. Make sure you go to her website to get the instructions for the homework. Don't just do the casegraders. That will get you in trouble. Don't take it at 8am!
The class is a bunch of bull, unless you actually plan on doing this stuff for a living I guess. It is a ton of work and she is not helpful at all. Basically, start a business and hire someone else to do this kind of menial work.
boring material but required, not very hard, but don't expect much help
Extremely boring, takes attendance daily, don't learn anything from him.
Very nice guy, very poor teacher. I'd advise taking another professor for finc312
Do not take Intermediate Finance with him. He does not teach! Half of your grade is the cases (1 presentation, 1 paper). He randomly lectures during class with no organization or structure. The midterm and final are each 7-8 ch of material. The only way to study is off these "cases," which students present, so exams are impossible. Dont take him!
i took him at winter and i know he was easier at winter than in the fall. i couldnt stand him as a person at all. arrogant, boring, & he doesnt even teach! he just rambles the whole class...dont take unless you have to
I wasted my time taking this class. He initially had a full class, but he never remained on topic enough like he would basically just go off on really long tangents about his personal life that had little payoff on how it related to the subject matter. Consequently, the class ended up with about 6 people showing up. I wanted to learn but did not
Thick Accent (hard to understand) Very disorganized and confused in lectures.
Online class: She was very un-flexible on exam dates (they were always during my work hours!!!). I had blackboard cut out during my exam and she was very rude and told me that it is my fault, but she would allow one retest only because other students complained (retest was also during my work hours!). So good luck if you get stuck with her.
Plan on attending class everyday. Says 1 thing one minute and changes her mind the next. Not clear about what she expects from you; even another Prof I talked to about her agreed. If you get put with a bad group for the semester, don't expect a good grade. No matter how hard you work she'll punish the whole group for it. Avoid taking her.
worst professor i have ever had focuses on insignificant details and contorts information to strengthen her beliefs extremely unhelpful and is not open to hearing anything you have to say. only 3 tests which makes the class difficult and she knows it even if you study good luck. pulls questions from lecture or textbook and some answers are wrong.
worst professor i have ever had focuses on insignificant details and contorts information to strengthen her beliefs extremely unhelpful and is not open to hearing anything you have to say. only 3 tests which makes the class difficult and she knows it even if you study good luck. pulls questions from lecture or textbook and some answers are wrong.
So this guy isn't a good teacher. He writes on the blackboard and rambles a decent bit. However, his grading criteria is really clear. My advice is to go on YouTube and look up the topics that will be on the test. I studied that way and got an easy B+. Overall, bad teacher but easy to get through.
I had to teach myself everything b/c I never knew what he was talking about. The tests weren't too hard BUT b/c he doesn't give partial credit, when you think u get an A on a test, you get a C. He does curve at the end though. Take him as a last resort. Highly recommend Eliza Lezsynski for math!
Unnecessarily difficult Aural Skills 3 course. He is attempting to propagate his own method of teaching before he retires so that he can profit from his "method" at the expense of his student's learning. There is no way to cover the amount of material in the time given. He is intimidating, but will offer fifteen minutes of "help" if requested.
i don't sleep in class and i could not for the life of me keep my eyes open.
He's a super nice guy, but he goes WAAAAY too fast. It is NOT necessary for him to go so fast because we always get out like 20 min early. He should use that extra time to slow the hell down! His writing on the board is very sloppy and his teaching skills could seriously use some help.
Not a good online class. Have to listen to his racing lectures, you wont open the book you have to buy for the class. Went to him for help in person and I felt stupid for not knowing things. Leaves at by 3 every day and won't stay to help you!
Professor Rupert is extremely intelligent and passionate about his studies of Russia. However, he's one of the most difficult professors I have ever encountered in any subject. He does not give study guides,nor does he offer much advice about what will be on an exam. He grades very harshly on papers and more so on exams. Material is overwhelming.
REALLY boring. Don't even bother going to lectures, they're a waste. Only gives 4 assignments, as said in the post below this. Expects a lot of comprehension but explains very little. Hard grader, especially on the mid term and final. I guess he isn't too bad compared to the rest of the department, but that isn't saying much.
First of all, this class is all about concepts. Studying from the text is important. I don't know what these people are saying about extra credit because he gives very little. Here's how it works: Rubin will post an article on the discussion board. You will have to be one of the first 20 students to reply. Yeah 20/400 kids get EC. Good luck
Previous comments are accurate: He IS boring, I seriously tried to stay awake for lectures, but he STILL manages to make me fall asleep. He spends a good part of lectures talking about current events, but I would had prefered that he do more teaching. Read the book, look at old exams, GO to resistations because they help a lot.
Terrible.. Didn't like him at all. Too many online articles. Lectures make no sense unless you know the book, but didn't even really explain good.
As we all know UI100 classes SUCK!! I took the "Rock and Roll and Revolution" class from him. Most of the time the only work was us listening to music and writing down song titles. SO BORING! I did not learn anything! The tests are SO easy....I seriously think he doesn't give a D*** about that class....sooo he doesn't put any real effort into it!
The worst lectures of my life and the hardest tests. Massive curve but this class takes full effort to survive. If you cried in ochem1/do not know how to actually study don't bother taking this class you will not survive JoeChem every single lecture actually try on the homeworks and memorize the compounds he highlights on the slides for the quiz
This was my most stressful class this semester. It was a lot of work due to weekly hw and quizzes/ exams. You can only guess your grade by adding up the points you've earned and comparing that to what's in the syllabus. He moves fast in lecture and you really need to know your stuff to do well. Luckily there was extra credit and a curve at the end.
Grabowski was a tough prof. This is a weeding out class. I took him twice, but retook Orgo 1 after I had him to get a B+. My frame of reference is based on what I learned from the other teacher I took- Hudson. Everything was much clearer through Hudson, walked through, broken down. Grabowksi was frustrating- but if you do your work you can get an A
I hated going to class. He was rude to students and flew through material, saying it should be in your "PK" or prior knowledge, and we should be "experts" 30 seconds after learning. Also, when a student asks a question in class he says "you would know if you read the book" and does not answer. His tests are very difficult and homework took hours.
You have a lot of extra credit opportunities. He gives out past year practice questions and exams-try doing them all! Attend all lectures and recitation, ask TAs for clarification. You can drop the lowest exam score and let final count for double. I got an A by doing all these things . Exams ARE hard-but doable if yo put the effort.
Chapman is a very nice man however his test questions are conceptual based. They are very difficult unless you're able to study a little every day which isn't possible for most of us. I'm an A-B student but I'm failing his class. I doubt he will curve which means a lot of people will fail. 70 people got below a 59 on the last test. That says a lot.
Janet is one of the most fun professors in Behavior Analysis. It is terrible that she is retired.
Two words: "Micro-Manager" Take acting instead, she doesn't teach it.
Probably he IS a great English teacher but this particular class was awful. I'm pretty sure none of us actually learnt anything, such a waste of time. However, as a person he is nice and helpful. But the class was a failure, we totally didn't know what he expects from us. I never read the textbooks (never forget to bring them in class, however).
Very difficult teacher. He lectures for the entire class and never lets you out early. Grade is out of three papers and a final. He is an extremely difficult grader and doesn't give any feedback on the papers, just a number and a grammatical correction or two. Knows his stuff and is brilliant. Get an A and you'll feel accomplished.
The style of this prof is lecture only. He might take one or two questions per class, at the most, and that is if you interrupt him. If you are a person who likes to interact, talk, drink a drink during class, or have a snack, you will be disappointed. it's sit up straight style, and no nonsense attitude prevails. still, I loved the class.you learn
Hard teacher. Sister took this class, she did something to make him mad at her, when I took this class, he took it out on me!
Professor seems unapproachable at times. Always seems too busy for students and is sarcastic a lot of the time. She grades attendance on a letter scale, so if you miss ONE class, you get an F for the day. It screws you over. So don't even think about skipping! Tests are hard too. No extra credit.
First Psychology class I ever took and was the hardest class I've taken. Test are multiple choice and not easy at all, but she drops the lowest score. Have to read every chapter in book because there are reading quizzes. She is a tough grader on projects and papers. Must go to class to earn the easy participation points cause you will need them.
While she has lots of enthusiasm, she plays favorites with students and doesn't let others make comments. She doesn't go over exams,just grades the bubble sheets so no imput about why you missed the question. Using the clickers for tests and quizzes are SO ANNOYING! Spend more time frustrated than learning in this class.
Rodgers really cares about his students but his lectures are extremely confusing. He does reverse lecturing where the lectures are online and you do examples in class. Lab is fun but it is nearly impossible to get As on any lab reports, especially the formal ones. The tests are also kinda hard as well. Also, expect in class quizzes regularly.
easy A. but she talks about the weather not material. relies on her student teacher to help her. if you miss class you pretty much miss the assignment. she grades with a 100 or a 50 nothing else. but def easy class.
yes, he sucks horribly and is a crazy, strange man, but you hafta take the class. not impossible, just boring. it helps if you have taken stat.
the class consisted of 90 mins of him just straight talking and us writing down what he was saying and the other 90 mins was a video we then had to answer a question. there are three grades in the class and then the final. two essays which he is a very hard grader. and then a test which was two open ending questions.
Very few grades. Lots of reading. Long and boring lectures. Attendance isnt mandatory and he does not have homework but quizzes and test at the end of the semester and mid term. Some lectures are interesting but not all the time. Just boring majority of the time
The exams are ridiculously hard!! You need to attend every class to write down everything he says and puts on the board. Homework is only worth 5% so attendance, exams, and the final are worth the rest. theres only 3 exams & the final, so you better do well on every exam. VERY HARD FOR AN ELECTIVE COURSE. DO NOT TAKE
Take her if you're looking for a fairly easy grade, but don't expect to learn too much... orrr know what's happening most of the time. Gives awful notes, and seems to lose track of herself frequently.
Okay so Professor McClymer is super nice but he has one of the most boring lectures. Every single class you have an online homework due and then you go over it in class and listen to him lecture. No matter how hard you try to pay attention, you can't. He never takes attendance and you never know your grade in the class.
Extremely boring, I am actually doing this review in his class. His lectures make no sense, and whenever you TRY to get involved in his class he goes off on a tangent and confuses everybody. I actually loved history in High School but dread this class. Doesn't take attendance, and all of his homework is online really no reason to come.
Homework online nightly, website gets confusing...no tests, all lectures, no note taking...NEVER WANTED TO GO TO CLASS, he's nice, but unclear on paper topics, and isnt too helpful
I have written 60+ pages for this one class. Its just one paper after another. And the class? barely has anything to do with the papers. If you ask him a question, he'll go off on a tangent, and never really answer you. He did move back a due date though, when we asked for an extension. Not a bad guy, just makes his undergrad course like his grad
he is a hard grader, the hardest i have had, but he is isn't unfair. after reading through the half-page comments he gave about my first paper, i worked myself up throughout the semester and did pretty well. should explain what he wants better.nice though
Grades WAY TOO HARD for a 100 level class. He is so picky and takes too many points off on tests for simple, little mistakes. I went in to talk to him and he barely cleared anything up about my grade. Honestly, he's kind of a jerk and you can't understand a word he says. I'm a good student with a 3.79 GPA and got an 82 on a test I thought I aced.
He's based in a lecture hall and yet he doesn't speak loud enough, so it's very difficult to understand him regardless if you are in one of the few front rows. He also teaches in a style that is based on what comes to his head, and makes learning somewhat confusing. Be sure to read the books he assigns, get notes from a friend and you will pass
He's nice I guess, but sooo boring and he speaks way too quietly. Sit in the first few rows or you can't hear him. The material is somewhat interesting but his lectures are terribly boring because he's so quiet and monotone. Tests are averagely easy, but go to every class because they're based 100% off his lectures and the book you have to read.
Stay away! He means well but there Is NO textbook and no lecture slides so if someone sneezes in class and you accidentally miss something too bad for you. It's literally just him talking at you the whole time. I did alright but I didn't enjoy the class. Final essay is super easy, Books were ok but he had very specific test q's on them
This could potentially be the hardest 100 level you'll ever take. You read a book per test and he asks ambiguous questions about them. His immediate response is always "Go to the TA's," but he purposely leaves TA's in the dark so you're not just getting answers. If you can avoid him for ANTH 100, I'd highly advise it...
Had him for Calc I and he was pretty good. Took him again for ELA and it was one of the worst classes I've ever taken. Relies way too much on being able to do proofs on both homework quizzes and exams. I learned more from the book than I did from him.
Stacey is a sweetheart and her class is very easy - you don't really need to show up or do the readings as long as you work hard on the papers. She is a fair grader and her grades will reflect the effort you put into your papers, which are the only grades. Listening in lectures is not important since there are no tests. Like a grandmother!
This class should be a smaller lecture so people can ask questions. There are TAs available but they're not always helpful either. Professor Edgar lectures the entire time but half the time had to pause and correct herself. A lot of the material had to be essentially self-taught. A hard class but at least I didn't have to take Calc.
Very boring teacher that gives extremely hard tests. Plan on taking on 2 weeks prior study time because there is so much information that studying the night before or even 3 nights before is impossible. Nice lady but very hard class. She grades harshley. Not a class I would take if one had an actual life outside of class. I would not recommend!
His explainations can be really confusing. He turns music into math and if you cant follow a lot of math concepts you will struggle. His test are easy though because you get a revieve sheet telling you exactly what is on it. You will have to clap rhythems and play scales for a grade.
Ok class hes hard to follow most of the time hard grader out of 100pts overall not to bad as a whole just show up and you will do ok
Very knowledgeable in the subject he teaches. Lectures and shows you pictures, is not very clear about what you need to know. During labs, I felt like I was bothering him if I asked him a question. Tests are hard.
Do not miss a class or you will fall behind! He doesn't use the textbook, everything you need to know for tests are in his lectures. Taking notes, however, was a joke because his lectures are so scattered, that I felt that I didn't get enough information to study with. You also need a strong background in Mathematics, which he doesn't tell you.
I am an honor student and had a very hard time with this class. Mr. Maguire is a decent teacher but makes his tests too hard. Study Study Study.
Smith has been the hardest instructor I have ever had. He is not likable in the beginning, but as students drop, and many will, he is friendlier and is more eager to offer help. He really helped me out by changing his grading scale mid semester, which is sort of BS, but it helped me pass. Joe will really push you to your full potential.
He goes wayyyy too fast. So if you aren't amazing at math don't expect anything out of this class. Take someone easier and that wants to help you. He yelled at me because he thought I was sleeping but I was just looking down at my book. Made me feel like an idiot.
worst teacher I have ever taken! Our class started out with about 30 students and in the end there might have been 4. I hated it! I missed two classes, 1 for a funeral and the other I was in the hospital. And that made it so I couldnt pass. Do not take him!
Acts like he condemns questions, gets mad when you ask about something. The tests have the hardest problems on them. I wouldn't recommend to a freshman or someone whom has a hard time understanding math. Lots of HW and doesnt even collect it. HW quizzes everyday. Hard to get an A even if u attend everyday, ask questions, and do HW.
He is passionate and knowledgeable but lacks the warmth, kindness, and understanding that makes a good teacher. He is rude for genuinely no reason. He makes an interesting subject lifeless because of his harsh personality and grading. He inundates students with work. Even if you normally are good at English: DON'T DO IT. It is not worth it.
Hello Wisconsin! You need to speak up Wisconsin, You're too polite. How are you doing little one? These are just a few of the funny things that Marcelo says when addressing his classes. This guy is funny, but his classes are hard. Don't bother reading, his tests are really difficult and he doesn't curve. Worth taking for the comedy.
He will make you work but is a good professor.
literally this man goes so fast that i think im gonna have carpel tunnel by the end of this semester. goes on tangents that have nothing to do with the subject and overall all over the place.
She is a fun lecturer, but her tests dont reflect her lectures. everyone i know got Cs Ds and Fs from her. she is very unfair in her grading. if so many people do so poorly, i think it reflects on her teaching. dont take her.
Calc 2 is a hard course, but she makes it harder.
This professor is a nut. I do think I learned a lot and she was nice to talk to in office hours, but there is much more bad than good. When there is an area where she know her students are struggling, she does not fix it. Her tests are very hard and she does not offer any consolidated resources for preparation. Avoid her if you can.
Shes tries to fail you. She will help you out if you want to go talk to her after class. But her tests are way beyond what she teaches you. And the online homework is really****sometimes(she writes the problems).
Avoid at all costs. The class material is extremely hard to begin with, but he does not make it a single bit easier. His lectures are spent scrambling to write everything down while not understanding any of it. Gives problem sets that take 5 hours. Just not a likable guy. Test averages are in the 30s and get curved up into the 70s
Where do I begin, please for your own good don't take unless you absolutely have to. I had no idea what he was talking about half the time. Too fast. Don't go to office hours except you know precisely what you want to ask because he WILL make you look/feel stupid. Exams are hard. Problem sets = headaches. BIG MESS.
One simple word... USELESS. She is very approachable, but when she teaches the material, she constantly gets off track and talks about useless subjects. There is no homework and no quizzes, but the exams are very tricky. She gives out practice test for each exam, but they are useless because the problems are completely different on the exam.
I dont like her. She wastes time talking about nothing. Tests are hard, they cover the material, but in a different manner than she demonstrated
she is nit-picky on the tests and doesn't hand back the tests - she's makes you feel stupid
Park's tests are mostly from his notes but changes the problems a little. However, he is a INCREDIBLY tough grader. It is ridiculous how harsh he is when giving partial credit. Also his humor gets old quick. Rude in office hours too. AVOID HIM.
PSY 101 was the toughest class I've ever taken. Quizzes are absolutely terrible and take forever to do online. Avoid this class if possible. She's super nice but bad professor.
She showed up to class about once a week, which made it hard to understand the material. There are 5 tests, a final, and online quizzes for each chapter that are almost impossible to pass. I would suggest to read your textbook chapters at least twice and printout the class notes since that is what you will be studying for exams.
Not a great class at all. Quizzes are pretty hard and he never gives you enough time to finish them. Theres also papers due every other week and he grades harshly. He does grade stuff in a timely manner and updates your grade so you know what you have in the class. Wouldnt suggest taking this class if there are seats available in others.
he expects alot of work...too much for the course level and his tests are hard
Extremely harsh grader. She uses the textbook that she does because she knows the author of it, otherwise, it barely pertains to anything on her exams or quizzes. I have a B- when I should have easily gotten at least an B+. She is a VERY hard grader.
Always seems stressed and high strung in class. Communicates clearly though.
Taken for various courses. He makes you think--imagine that! Expanding your mind! Yes, he speaks in riddles, but it's the figuring-out part that's fun :) Probably one of the best teachers I've ever had.
good:1. willing to help, 2. speaks clear. 3. enthusiastic. bad:64%-below=F, i got a 60% in the class. i showed interest in wanting to learn and understand and showed up to class every day, and went to his office hours. He showed no merciful sympathy for me at all. So he gets a bad grade in my book
Not a fun class, and the professor doesn't help.
She makes things relatable and easy to understand. However, make sure to ask questions at the right time. The tests(5 exams, but your lowest grade will be dropped) are fairly easy if you study for them. She reviews the chapters with the class before the exam. She doesn't tolerate lateness at all. Just listen, pay attention, and do your work.
This teacher claims she has a master's but I seriously doubt it. She doesn't know how to speak properly therefore grades poorly on critiques. She is the dumbest teacher ever, she is very ghetto and thinks she is so beautiful even though she looks like a HE/SHE... I had to report her to the board of psy. because she locked me out of class-- WEIRDO
If you want to be treated like a child take this class. This teacher is very humorus, however at times can be very condescending. Pay close attention to the syllabus and be prepared for every class she surpised us with a test true enough it was on the syllabus but she did not tell us. She did tell us about a Critque that wasn't. Go figure
Took him online over the summer. Very confusing! He responds to questions in a very condescending manner, to the point of sarcasm. Would NOT recommend taking ONLINE!!! Most of us were lost and thrown into the deep end trying to find format for writing essays. Got an A, but worked hard for it.
I took this class online - The professor assigned a lot of work and was several weeks behind on grading assignments. Not much feedback was provided, however I received consistently high marks. I had the impression that he simply gave me a good grade because he ran out of time which didn't help me learn, but in the end I made an A!
Oh, what to say about dear Ellen?? She is very swett and kind as a person, however as a teacher, I do think she should have retired a few years ago. She is very disorganized and rambles for hours, then at the last 10 minutes of class tries to quick tell us everything we need to know. This is not a hard class, but very hard to sit through two hours.
the class is entirely based upon one book that is quite confusing. the entire class is all lectures, and your grade is only made up of 4 exams, and one essay at the end. he does give the exam questions before the exam, but overall i did not enjoy this class
an all right guy, but you really need to love plato's "republic," because that's all he covers, all semester. rarely grades higher than a B. takes attendance, so don't skip a lot of class. also hates the left wing, and feminists.
Agreed. Lectures are boring and put you to sleep. Group projects are hard and graded harshly. Makes you want to drop out of business school rather than decide what major you want to be if you are undeclared. Guidelines for grading rubrics are unclear - avoid this class
Mr. Kartman is old and sweet. He knows his stuff and tries very hard to aanswer questions and make things clear. The only problem is that the tests are practically impossible, even if you have a good understanding of economics. Make sure you get 100% on your homeworks, might be your only chance to pass.
If you're willing to put in the time and effort to get a good grade this is the class for you. If Macro theory isn't your thing, or you want an easy A, you'll be miserable. KARTMAN IS EXTREMELY BORING AND OLD FASHIONED. I like that he does examples but he wastes time doing basic algebra. He extinguished my interest in Macroeconomics, glad its over!
Everything in class is fair game for tests, tests are all essay, hard teacher dont take this class studied for hours and got a B
very boring teacher, not a very good teacher
Don's a good guy but he's a ridiculously hard prof. Syllabus is so unclear and you will be lost for a majority of the class. Did well on the midterm, took the quizzes, briefed the midterms, etc so thought I was on track for a low A, high B.. ended with a C+. This class will ruin your GPA, avoid if possible.
This class will not be easy. However, an A is still very manageable IF you go to class and do ALL of the extra assignments he mentions in class. Do all quizzes - even if you score low, some points are better than none. Open note midterm and finals - bring your textbook. Also, he is fairly helpful if you talk to him after class.
Okay..so, Harrington knows his stuff. VERY WELL. However, that means he expects us to know the material as well as he does. His lectures are all over the place and are supposed to clarify subjects but in turn are confusing. The textbook is the best way to keep a clear mind and know the material. The 2 exams are INSANE and he grades VERY hard.
One of the hardest classes Ive taken. Avoid if possible, especially if your looking to get above a C.
lectures weren't too bad but he doesn't review tests, your final grade is based on two HARD tests that require reading the book on your own and critical thinking
He comes off like he is easy going and fun, however, his tests have nothing to do with the class. The last third of class all we did was watch movies, because he said they were really the "lecture". Pretty much, you should just read the book, don't bother showing up to class because it was a joke!! Don't trust his easygoing appearance!
Simply awful. His tests are completely different from what I expected every time. I thought this would be my easiest class and it was my hardest. The tests killed me. DROP IT NOW!
The class is a breeze if you can his read mind! Tests are ok if you actually read the book..and understand it! He will talk forever, but and he thinks he is always right! Now a hard class though.
Very Talkative. Hard to understand what's required, grades done by his preferenc
Extremely knowledgable, be prepared to do more reading than any other class. His tests are not bad as long as you read and comprehend well. However,extremely rough grader on papers. He will destroy your best work. His syllubus is ambiguous and changes online weekly. This course should be divided into 3 sections
If you don't need this class for your major then get out of it! She was unorganized and her exam questions were confusing and irrelevant to her review sessions. Also, she wasn't very helpful when it came to answering questions, she just caused more confusion.
He is a smart guy, but not a great teacher. He designs the homework and the exams, but the exams do not reflect the style of the homeworks. My advice.. stick with the book, it will help you more than he will. If the book could talk he would be fired.
I think this prof is used to teaching higher level english courses so this class was not good. There was a paper every week and he graded SO hard. I would say Im a good writer and I found it very difficult to succeed in this class. Hes very sarcastic which can come off as rude sometimes. Pick a different english course.
I absolutely cannot stand Prof. Friar. I dred going to her class everyday. She assigns book work to do however it is not mandatory. GO TO CLASS. She sometimes does assignments/quiz's at the end of class that you cant make up and you wont know about till that day. She grades hard taking off pts for silly things. I do not recommend.
Ok, to be honest, she wasn't bad.She is boring, but the class is easy!!If you do the chapter questions, you have ALL of the answers word for word for every test.She is very nit-picky about stupid things, like placement of papers in certain pockets of folders. But, she really loves her job. people are too mean.She's just shy, I think. Not bad at all
She is extremely boring, not that great, but hey do the homework, do as many book talks as you can, and you will be all set. for the final, just do your best. I aced the class, you just have to get on her good side, and do the hw and ask LOTS AND LOTS of questions and DONT talk in class. the class is a cake walk if you dont mind her
I thought she wasn't very intellectual and she is very uninformative.
She is very smart and tells interesting stories, but this teacher probably won't help you learn. It doesn't matter how many notes you take in her class or how well you listen. She often goes off topic and talks about things that will not be on any test. She also is unclear about assignments so if you are unorganized DON'T take from her!
Her tests are straight out of the book and she uses stories to try to teach you the material through her lectures but it doesnt really help you pass the test. You MUST read the book and learn details to do well. NO final exam and the tests are difficult, get another teacher if you dont do well with learning out of a book or by hearing the material
She's tough. I believe that she relates her life stories to the sections in the chapter. Then she assumes that you will do the same. She isn't always clear, and loves to express the fact she doesnt care what anyone thinks about her. You have to read the text book!! The book actaully isnt bad. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT, YOULL NEED IT!
Doesn't teach anything, mainly tells stories. Get's her test's straight from the book. Don't even waste your time at her class (story) time, just be there for the tests!
SUPER EASY. Shes not helpful at all but her class is almost a joke and easy to get a good grade. Do test reviews and youre set.
The most boring teacher I've ever taken. Projects near impossible. If you like a mono-tone-don't-care-if-you-fail teacher then Wolfie is it! Notes aren't too useful with the test and projects which he piles on without returning a previous one which the next is built on. Does to care that students cannot complete projects.
IF YOUR LIFE DOES NOT DEPEND ON YOU TAKING THIS CLASS, DO NOT TAKE IT! TA sections more worthwhile, but still extremely difficult for non-music majors and NOT WORTH the aggrevation :( HATED THIS CLASS
I was concerned by the negative feedback here, but the class is very easy. The professor is nice, but has very disengaging lectures that will loose the students. The class is poorly organized and not of much value. I only used the book to study the vocab. The online practice quizzes will prepare you well for exams. I did enjoy the presentations.
Fantastic class if you want to learn something about philosophy. But be warned if you're trying to keep up your GPA. This class is a killer. Few papers which you should expect a C on if you're lucky, Corcoran rarely gives out A's. (As in, he claims once or twice a semester.) Not the friendliest guy, either. Great subject, not my favorite prof
Funny guy, but not good teacher. He didn't really care what anybody else thought about the texts, just said what he thought then expects you to have every word he said memorized for the tests. Good thing is there's a take home exam, but there's a writing assignment every week.
Well first of all the material in this class is terrible. So boring! Simons is not very clear and does not give you much direction. Exams are nothing like the in class activities. You get a few hours worth of homework a week and it's only worth about 10% all together. This class sucks, it's so much work and it does not pay off. Stay away if you can
This class is definately not easy, but its also not impossible. The material can be confusing & the work never ends but if you really put in the effort(go to his office hours if you need help) and GET A GOOD GROUP youll be fine.
Thinks that his subject is the most important in the world and expects you to know fine detail for everything he covers. He grades very harshly and is not willing to compromise on giving credit back. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I got a B- in this class only because I worked excessively hard.
good teacher. Exams were not always fair because the material that would show up on exams would sometimes be material we didn't cover or briefly covered. It is possible to get a good grade if you know what HE is looking for on exams.
Definitely knows a lot about his field, but isn't good at teaching it. I did well in the class only because I knew the subject well already; his notes don't make any sense because he moves at a crazy pace with no organization. Only 3 tests to make your whole grade. Possible to get a good grade, but don't count on him to help you get it.
When I first went into this class I was terrified because of the reviews I saw here. He really isn't that bad though. I had mostly A's on my tests except for one. I ended up not only with an A in the class but also ended up gaining a lot of knowledge about biology. Just go to lectures, use the book to understand main concepts and study.
Just not good, he is not a bad guy, but his philosophy is a bit ridiculous. He is fairly heartless and loves counting off for things he didnt say in class. Takes bio as being a weed out class too far. He knows his stuff but I have put a ton into his class and I cant seem to get the grade that reflects it. Consider your options for teachers.
Not as bad as the reviews made him sound. His class is definitely possible to make a good grade in but you have to make sure you are familiar with the material. Study hard, know the notes back and forth, and go to the SI sessions. Sessions help alot. Ill be taking him for 102 so he is not as terrible as everyone made him seem.
Very hard professor! It's hard to write down everything he says. He talks too fast. The tests are impossible to pass also. I remember writing an answer on a test, word for word what I had in notes and he marked it wrong. I do not recommend.
The most difficult part about Duggins is how he tests. They are fill in the blank, essay, and definition. If you leave the word, "the" out, he will take off points. Memorize every word he says, the way he says it.
Duggins is a nice man who knows what he teaches, but his test are unbelievable hare. they are ridiculous. avoid him if possible.
i had him and failed his class. his tests are EXTREMELY hard and no matter how hard or long you study... it will still seem like you are not prepared...i wouldnt recomend him to anyone
He needs to realize that not everyone learns as fast as some the students with the better grades in the class. He also gives off the impression that he doesn't want to answer any questions that students ask about material. If USC did listen to its student evaluations this man wouldn't be here.
All of the class is lectures and tests come straight from those lectures...reading the books means MAYBE you'll know what he's talking about in class. Hard to take notes from because he jumps all over. Class consists of 2 exams you'll study too much for and three 5-page papers on books. Nice prof though overall just a bit hard.
She is a nice person. However, her teaching style is horrible (at least for me). She is all over the place verbally, often faces the board to write notes, and her notes are unclear. She never seems to stay on one topic for more than 5 minutes. I have a hard time following her. She also gives more homework than all my classes combined!
If you are an athlete or cool in any way get out of this class. I think this guy got beat up by some football players in college and is still holding a grudge. Made snide comments when I seeked help because I was a football player.
Extremely arrogant. His exams and quizzes have nothing to do with his lectures. He copies and pastes questions from online homework- which is on quizlet but not even taught in class. Extremely harsh grader on open ended questions and thinks a 75 is a good grade.
This class was normal for me. There are 4 tests, zoo report, and one has to do 2 outlines for each test. This professor is good at teaching but she can be sometimes unapproachable! Overall, very good class, I just did not like to learn about evolution and bones. I would suggest everyone to take this class and be prepared to do the work to pass!
This professor is disappointing. Her lectures reveal she is lazy, with hardly any evidence of any preparation. Her tests are horrible; the questions are often poorly worded and also commonly do not come from the study materials. She is rude to students in class.
for a general class you only get to hear about medical anthro in egypt. there is so much more to be learned. i have to force my self to go to class every day. i do not like her aragont additude
Arrogant professor. Claims his test questions come from the book website but none do. To do just decent in the class you have to sleep with the book. His powerpoint slides are worthless. All of the math problems on the exams are typically only worth 25% of your grade despite them taking an hour to do. Lazy prof, takes forever to grade things. Avoid
Material unclear, readings extremely difficult, but he leaves room for you to make up bad grades.
At the beginning of the semester we only had quizzes on recitation day (Thursdays) but further. into the semester he made them on random days and often more than once a week. They aren't very hard quizzes and you can work together with the people around you. But you HAVE to go to class bc what the excuse, you can't make it up. SUPER boring lectures
The name's Bond, Dr. Bond. Dr. Bond although very good looking has no appearent or noticable imagination. he is a good instructor but his voice just lulls you to want to sleep. Bring coffee and be sure to get plenty of sleep the night before!
Super easy class. The only down side is you need to go to class for attendance points..Don't buy the books! It would be a total waste of money; otherwise, super easy class, good prof.
I am a good student, I went to all SI's, went to the TDC, and studied like it was my job... and still failed. He it too smart for his own good; the amount of information you need to learn is unreal. If you are involved on campus, taking any other class besides his, or want to have a life, I do not advise taking Collier's class.
Well, I don't think he's sexy, but whatever. Philosophy with him was boring.
Honestly, Dr. Field is a great guy, just a bad teacher. He knows his stuff, but just an impossible class. Gives four hard to prepare for difficult tests as the only grading in the class. Only plus is getting out 10-20min early most days. Would not take.
I still think he is a good guy but his class is ungodly boring and I have no idea what so ever what is going on. I guess if you like this kind of stuff, go for it, and i guess if you had to choose one teacher I would choose him, but this class sucks.
You just about fall asleep everyday in class. I left class wondering why I just spent the past 75 minutes in there and learned nothing. Doesn't tell us what's important to write down. Tests are freakin' hard and the questions are tricky. Avoid taking.
Prof. Bolea has a good sense of humor, and is a nice professor, but his class was very difficult. He only grades you out of 150 points, so it makes it very hard for you to get a decent grade unless you do extremely well on the tests. Not always clear on what he'll be testing you on.
pedantic and a bit obnoxious with his diction. lectures jump around and are hard to follow. nonetheless he is an intelligent man and knows what he is talking about.
You will never forget whether you were 352 A or 352 B. Don't plan to add many CPs via TOKs. The class is super easy, but there is a great deal of work required. You get to pick your own grade, but if you miss 88 by even 1 CP, you'll drop to a B+.
if you want to lose your faith in Christianity take his class, he will help alot! But he gives easy B's but tough A's, because of his grading system
I studied a lot for every test that we had and still did bad in this class because he was pretty unclear about what to study and what would and wouldn't be on the tests. I did really well in high school with a high GPA but am really struggling in his class.
Quizzes are impossible and don't have a lot to do with what is talked about in class, tests are easier. Many ackward moments of silence each period.
following notes on board is very tough. a lot of chicken scratch. grades tests hard. assignments are never clear as to when they are due or what needs to be done.
Easy class, but boring at times. Doesn't really follow a set grading scheme, just sort of assigns them randomly. But the chocolate is tasty.
Class is not too difficult. There will be 5chapters per test and 11 questions so you have no clue what to focus on. She will NOT round like every teacher which is ridiculous,if you get an 89.9999% she refuses to give the A- even if you never missed a class. The projects take a lot of time $ count for little. One bad test and your grade is ruined.
I had the class at 8:00 am so I was already tired going into the class. Coming out, I was asleep. The class was very boring. Not too difficult if you study the stuff. She gives extra credit for going to class which helps. The projects were not that hard, just annoying.
Do not take this class unless you are extremely passionate about writing poetry. 90% of your grade relies on the poetry you write. Everyday is the same routine which gets boring. The prompts are difficult and bringing in poems every week sounds relatively easy but isn't unless you can manage work for all your classes.
I took CJ-104 with Mr. Baretto. There were weekly discussions that didn't correspond with the readings. There were only four big tests worth a lot of points (half the questions weren't even from the chapters), so they would bring your grade down if you didn't do well on them. There was extra credit offered which helped me earn an A- in the class.
She's a psycho...we had a lot of time consuming projects that were worthless. Her TA (rob) was just as bad. They cracked horribly corny jokes at the board every day. And...the mood swings still exist...despite the end of the pregnancy.
Definitely the hardest class I've ever taken. READ THE TEXTBOOK. He doesn't use PowerPoints, he just shows pictures. He also doesn't use a microphone so make sure to sit close to the front. He drops your lowest exam grade. Questions on the exams can be very vague to super specific. Anything in lecture and in the textbook can be on the exams.
Brunjes really enjoys teaching and wants you to learn, but he isn't very considerate of students who want to pass or are learning a difficult subject for the first time and can't memorize the text in detail. He doesn't use a microphone and there isn't a ppt, just pictures. Beware of exams and study since anything can be a question. Good luck...
It takes quite a long time to understand exactly what he is talking about. The projects are very repetative and become quite boring by the end of the year.
Most confusing teacher I have ever taken. Very random in his grading. Very boring lectures and he is very one-sided. Would not recomend taking him unless there is nobody else.
Budani is interesting and sometimes incredibly unclear, but she is very enthusiastic about anthropology. She is very knowledgable and although you may be frusterated with her at first, once you understand how to interpret her teaching and instructions she's a good teacher. I'm taking her again. 3 easy exams and daily reading critiques.
Ignore all comments that compliment or promote this class in any way. It is hard to believe that the professor has a ligitimate degree. she speaks unclearly, monotonously, and hardly teaches. the class is a joke, a bore, and an annoyance. do not take it. anthro might be bearable w. other teachers but not her
For a anthro100 course, this required way too much work. Class attendance was mandatory and very boring. Assigned way too much work! Exams did not have material discussed in class. Lectures were straight out of the book. Very boring class!
He goes through the notes too fast, and it's very hard to keep up most times.
He is really good. However, he makes the toughest test and quizes. Questions are crazy. We have quizes every week. Tests are on Saturday.
its impossible to understand what he is teaching.. he goes to fast and expects you to know every thing that he does. His tests are really tricky and hard and there was no point of going to lecture beucase i ended up having to teach myself anyway.. if there is anyway to change your proffessor I WOULD
He was pretty relaxed in terms of the class. We didn't have to attend the last 10 classes, which was nice. HOWEVER, to the classes we did go, I did not learn anything. Then when it came time to take an electronics test, I found it impossible. Reviewing the test, not even a third year electrical engineering major knew how to do the problems!
He's really nice, but let's just say that you can catch up on a week's worth of sleep in here. You can still pass the class as long as you read the book, because he really doesn't know what the heck he's talking about. I've been in this class for barely 2 weeks, and there's already students who are talking about ditching his class at break.
Basically reads out of the book, easy tests, just memeorize book
Honestly don't recommend this class unless you are majoring in nutrition. His exams are beyond difficult; you could spend weeks preparing for it and still find yourself guessing on half the questions. The homework is either graded on completion or completely non understandable. His lectures are so boring and he's very hard to understand sometimes.
This is the class with the 38% exam average. Fraser's a nice lady, but she's not very good at explaining things -- and neither was the TA the year I took it. It IS possible to get an A, but be prepared to work 30 hours a week on the problem sets.
This class was busy work as she spent every single second of class time. She just continued to assign papers without actually giving clear directions and even assigned a new paper when the first paper was not even finished yet. She is a stickler on attendance which sucks because I could have attended 0 classes and still done well in the class.
Felt like my high school writing class. Had a hard time controlling the class. I dont think my writing approve. I didnt spend anytime going through the writing process. I didnt think I was that good of a writer, but I got an B+.
I didn't learn anything in that class... didn't help as much as she could.
She's kind of an edgy professor when you're talking to her (specifically in Spanish). She doesn't really make her grading criteria clear, and the class experience as a whole is not a very pleasant experience. Her tests aren't hard and you can do well on them if you study a bit, but her grading on projects is unclear.
Every single class is exactly the same, and she puts zero effort into anything. This class might as well be an independent study because she does not teach. And don't even try and argue with her, she does not take anyone else's opinions kindly. She can be very dismissive and rude. I took the class because I had to, I would not recommend.
lectures are very fast and jammed packed, tests arent too bad...he gives a nice curve at the end of the year
In my opinion, Roy is one of the major weak points of the Mechanical Engineering program. He is incredibly smart, but has a very difficult teaching style. He uses his own textbook, which presents Dynamics in a way that is difficult to understand. It's really a shame how so many MechE's leave his class without ever really understanding dynamics.
The first day of class you and your classmates will repeatedly look at the board, look at each other and wonder if he is teaching dynamics or arabic. Learn his teaching style and you'll do fine. Exams are curved relative to everyone else. If you know more than the person next to you youll get a better grade. The final is impossible dont even bother
One quiz, one paper, one exam, and a final. Class is SO BORING! She rambles on and on, giving way more information than you actually need on the tests, which are moderately difficult. Tries to be funny, but isn't even close. She's kind of stuck up and extremely annoying to listen to every day. I wouldn't recommend this torture to anybody.
Very interesting class. You can tell he is passionate about his subject but it takes a while to get used to his accent. Its not too terribly hard to understand him though. His tests are very very easy if you study both the book and his lectures (which go along with each other.)
One of the better CS professors at UVA, but that's not saying a lot...
Sometimes hard to understand, especially when he tells his stories. I had him at 8 am and would normally struggle to stay awake. He also teaches and requires you to know how to do everything by hand, so good luck.
I don't think one person in my class had perfect attendence. Sleeping in his class is inevitable. It makes me tired just thinking about Romantic poets, and I love poetry.
Prof. Courtright really is not a bad guy. His class is difficult, but its not his fault. The material is difficult. TAKE OVER WINTER SESSION! If you are polite and respectful to him, he will be more inclined to help you.
I took this class as a req. for Communication Interest, and it was horrid. Subject matter was as dry as it could be. Courtright did not attempt to make anything fun, nor did he give any of the last semester Comm Interest students a bit of a break, but rather made the tests 30 questions, most of which were open ended. Do not take this class unless n
Very hard tests, the material he discusess in class is not what is on the test
The most disorganized professor I have ever had. Did not teach at all. The exms had nothing to do with the lectures or the book. Just read over the book so you can teach your self. Also do his practice quizes to prepare for the quizes. He never grades half of what he assigns. The final grade he just makes up so be careful.
He often belittled students for not knowing an answer or asking a bad question. His class is difficult, but I don't think the content is as bad as people say - I believe his attitude is what made the course challenging for some. Going to his office can be helpful, but be prepared for rude comments. Go in groups so you have support if you can.
He cares more about himself than his students, the most condescending teacher I have ever had. Homework is difficult, which is fine; difficult HW helps gain understanding. His tests are a needlessly tough, asking questions orders of magnitude more complex than his examples. Asking for help results in more condescension, an is a waste of time.
He's intelligent, but to the point of arrogance that gets in the way of teaching you the material. He makes you feel extremely dumb for asking questions and tends to be highly discouraging. I wouldn't recommend taking this course with him.
She puts too much pickey crap on the tests, know the footnotes, and read the book
Her exams are hard and you have put exactly what she wants.
I'm pretty back and forth about Thorpe. He got better as the semester progressed. He's friendly. At the beginning I was super confused. His lab was very difficult, his lecture was okay. The final was the easiest ever, because half of it was exactly from the tests. All tests are multiple choice. You can do well in his class but you have to try.
He is a very educated professor and understands the material. The exams are all short and long answers. No multiple choice. The exams are very lengthy that are expected to be completed within the 50 min time while writing extrinsic and adequate explanations. There are extra credit opportunities on every exam however, not always simple questions.
He is generally easy to follow and good with lectures, but watch out for his lab and paper grades. If he doesn't make sence raise your hand and ask him to clarify and he will. He is very bussy outside of class and not the best adviser as a result. A very smart man with an awsome dedication to keeping his classes up to date!
This was one of the worst classes i have taken at GVSU. His short essay exams are almost impossible to finish in 50 minutes. I will not take this prof again.
Lots of homework but easy class. Doesn't explain much just watch slides
Difficult gen. ed, lectures have nothing to do with exams, impossible homework
This is probably one of the easiest classes I've ever taken. Sometimes I think he cares less than the students tbh. But if your looking for an easy A you definitely found it.
I was told by my COE advisor to take Prof. Carson's class because she is such a good prof. I dreaded going to this class. The only thing that made it worth it was being in an elementary school. She is ridiculous. Tests were take home so that was good, but graded unfairly. Dont take her.
She probably knows alot about the subject but the way she teaches is scattered brained and VERY hard to understand. For exams don't waste your time copying all the t/f, multiple choice off because she will give you word for word what you need to know!
Very hard to understand; teaches as though she is still in Russia won't adapt
There are several memos which she grades based on her opinion, if you're not on her side, you're wrong. Also assigns readings from two different books, you better read them too because she likes to cold call in class. No tests though which is good. I'd recommend a different professor for this class.
Takes attendance, but misses class herself. TONS of extra reading. Calls on everyone in class. Assignments are ambiguous and she grades hard- if you don't absolutely knock her socks off you're getting a B. Don't get on her bad side- she's very defensive of her opinions and does not like to be disagreed with.
This class is crazy. She is a tough grader and is extremely bais. Only her answer will due. This little woman is scary when she glares at you with those judging eyeys. Know Hofstede like the back of your hand by the end or else! Particpate or she will get angry at the class. Avoid her if possible, she is not helpful or nice.
Rayor will seem like a horrible person to many people. She will not hesitate to call you out if you are BSing. If you participate and do the reading then you really shouldn't have much of a problem with her or with the course. An interest with not only mythology but also literature is VERY helpful for this course.
She was odd. Talked about her son a lot. She was nice but was very harsh on papers. A lot of people would cry from the comments she left on their papers. Likes to make classical world into a Greek language class. (It's not)
If you committ to reading the book,do the extra credit, and go to class, you will do fine.Make sure to print out the slides available from the book, which you can use on your test.Be prepared; he does complain a lot about Democrats and does not constructively criticize when people comment, he may belittle you.
Challenging professor, but requires his students to actually understand the material rather than memorize terms. Great professor if you want to learn the material. Lots of extra credit, but very difficult to earn. Very fair grading, drops one of three exams.
He is the worst teacher. He never helps and you can not pay atention because of the way he talks(and ahhhh) plus he looks like doctor evil. I tell everyone to get out of his class. Do the quiz at the end of the chapter for the in class quiz.
Completely confusing and doesn't know what she's doing. NOT worth taking it online. Way too much work and the assignments are not explained clearly. It will take you until the end of the semester to figure out what she's looking for.
? very dificult to understand.
Seems as if she wants you to fail to prove she puts in effort and you dont? Acts as a hybrid as class is based off of Youtube videos that she didn't even make and then quizzes almost every lecture on the material. You have to be a super quick learner to be successful in this class or put it 100000x more effort than other classes. Waste of time!
Timed quiz every week on whatever material was covered the week before; races thru lectures, especially after a test; sends out example problems late in the week and calls out the student body for waiting; expects you to love stats as much as she does. If you need this course, avoid this professor.
She really cares about her student's learning, she is just very unorganized in teaching. She pulls up the textbook online a teaches directly out of that which wasn't very helpful because you have to read it anyway. Its not impossible to do well in her class, just be prepared to work very hard. She does give a ton of extra credit which is a plus!
Possibly one of the strangest classes I have yet to be in at GV. I thought Prof. was going to be one of the nicest teachers I had ever had, yet the longer the class went the worse she got. She would purposely pick out students that were confused to answer questions. Overall an okay class, but she tells you to read the book instead of teaching.
Prof. Stephenson moves really fast and assigns homework on stuff we have yet to cover. I ended up going to other professors for help on her SPSS assignments because her lack of explanation. There are a lot of pop quizes and she doesn't usually give enough time to finish them. Tests are managable only because of the notecard we can use. Avoid her!
HORRIBLE prof. Throws an SPSS program assignment at you without explaining how to do it. She's not very helpful at all - don't expect to be able to ask her a qustion outside of class. Doesn't hand back tests for week, and she throws random stuff on the test that she never talked about or is hardly even mentioned in the book Avoid at all costs.
Professor Shearer is a good guy and he wants everyone to do well in his class. Was placed in this class with no interest but managed to get through it. Assigns a few response papers and three or four essays. Overall would not take unless you really like european history. Not hard to get an A on assignments.
I never once got a 100% on any of my papers, would only get up to 95%. Other students in the class had the same problem. Tough grader, lots of papers. Hes good at communicating, but if you want an A, you probably wont get it.
Almost every week you get a take home quiz that is open-book and due the following week, most of the questions are right in the book and if not he will give you the answer before you turn it in. You have one group project, 3 writing assignments, a midterm and a final... which were all fairly easy. He is sometimes hard to understand but a great guy.
I couldn't understand a word he said most of the time, and he was crazy...The mid-term sucked and the class in general sucked
While I somewhat agree with the last rating, I would say that you just have to accept the fact that you're on Planet bar-Lev, and it's a weird place. Study what he says is important to do well on the exams. I got a B, so can you.
this class is SO boring, although he does try to make it better by doing demonstrations with candy and ice cream :) the tests are harder than you would expect, but the study sheets help a lot. you barely ever have homework. don't fall behind in the beginning, it's almost impossible to catch up.
I hate science, but the class was enjoyable. But his lectures were never very clear to me and he expected you to know so many little details on the test. If your honors your probably better off taking this one than the other science requirments
Great professor, but I would probably never take one of his classes again. This class is based on two exams and two assignments. The exams are each worth 100 points and entirely writing so you need to know your material. There are two papers: the first was easy. You get out what you put in. The second was very difficult and time consuming.
Dr. Howard is extremely hard to follow during his notetaking as it is almost like he enjoys hearing himself ramble about whatever he can philosophize about. Tests are essay questions and extremely difficult and there is an enormous amount of reading assigned. You cannot get an A in this class and most A students will probably get a C. Avoid him!!
Don't take his classes. He teaches CJ like its philosophy or literary interpretation. His tests are ridiculously hard and his study guides are a joke. I was a 4.0 student before I took this class...thanks for the BA ass clown
I heard that the school offered phase retirement for a short period of time, and he procrastinates sooo much that he missed the deadline. He didn't want to just plain retire, he wanted to phase out so he told them he'd die in the classroom. He is very intelligent, but mumbles a lot.
He's nice, and gives interesting demonstrations, but is so accustomed to the topic, that he finds it hard to actually teach the material. He doesn't tell his TA's anything, which leads to miscommunications.
Dr. Wong is very kind but will talk to you like you are in elementary school. Prepare to do lots of group work and busy work. It was required that I take this class or I wouldn't have taken it. I don't think I have actually learned anything yet. AVID tutoring and field observations have been helpful though.
Dr. Wong is a really nice person, but I can't stand the class. I have yet to learn anything useful. The writing prompts & papers aren't hard, but they're pointless. Her rubrics and instructions are wayyy too complicated too-even for a 400-level class. Sometimes I feel like she talks to us like high schoolers instead of future high school teachers.
boring, typical stupid ed class. she's nice, means well, but tries too hard.
Lecture consists of useless proofs of equations. Insanely hard exam where I 4.0 in AP Calculus BC in high school and am struggling in this course. No partial credit and marks you down if you don't write it the way he wants
His lectures were boring. He knows his stuff, but he has trouble puting his thoughts together. Said um, uh, and and too many times.
Pretty good prof. Easy if you either read or go to class. You don't really have to do both. The ID's on tests come from the bold words in the ch. Fill in the blanks are a little challenging but essays are easy.
i didn't like him. talks about himself all the time. his eyebrows move like crazy when he talks. lots of reading
He's a true mathematician not a teacher or professor. Study every problem in the book and pray that something similar at best shows up on the tests or final.
He's not a very good professor. Class is boring because his teaching style sucks. Doesn't really care how you're doing in his class. The course wasn't as difficult as I expected it would be, but Dr. Xiang probably isn't the best professor to take it with.
Dr. Tefera is a brilliant man, but he expects you to be just as brilliant. Attendance is 1/6 of your grade, but unfortunately his lectures do not help much. Possibly one of the most anal graders to exist, taking points away on exams for anything he can find an excuse for. Avoid this man at all costs.
Coming from someone who usually loves math, after taking this course I hate it. It's all basic algebra from HS which should make it easy but he is a HORRIBLE teacher and is one of the hardest graders I've ever met. Only good thing about this professor is that his exam reviews are exactly the same as his exams.
Hard to understand, Can be insulting when you ask him a question when you do not understand something. Plays favorites, if you take his class do all that you can to become one, he will grades your tests and homework easier
this whole class is him talking and then giving exams on what he says. it is very hard to study for. take notes on everything. no technology even to take notes, will lose participation or he will call you out in class. Attendance is mandatory and he will get mad if you miss a day. would not recommend him to anyone.
Suicidally boring! Lectures are hard to follow! Proff. mumbles! Tests are HARD!!
This class was a very hard class, esp. for a GE. He talks so fast and goes off on tangents so hes difficult to keep up with. His tests are ridiciously hard and wants you to basically memorize the book. Hes not aprroachable or friendly. will bite your head off. aviod him!
I would NOT recommend taking this professor! He is extremely rude and disrespectful. He makes VERY offensive comments and would tell students their opinions and beliefs were wrong. I did well in the class but it was only because of the text book, which is where most of the test questions come from. He tells his opinion as fact. SWITCH PROFS
Stay away from this prof. Attendance is 20% of your grade. If you miss one class it brings your grade down. Not helpful with the final project. LONG & confusing lectures. Inappropriate speaking about God's non existence and religions. This didn't relate to the lecture, he really offended some students. Save yourself & take someone else.
Professor Cole is an awesome guy. He genuinely loves geography and teaching it. His lectures are pretty long and not exciting. As long as you print the notes and follow along, DO THE ONLINE QUIZZES, and study for exams, you're good. Easy class. Only hard thing is the GIS project. Start EARLY and ask A LOT of questions. It's a hard paper to write.
I appreciate Professor Cole's passion for the subject; however, I disliked his teaching style. Take the map quizzes seriously because they will boost your grade, and start the GIS project early because it is a lot of work. Also, answer every question on the study guides because the exams are the study guides word for word.
class is boring, tests are hard, attendance is mandatory yes. but he gives out so much damn extra credit and he must curve the final like crazy, so honestly its not that bad. if your willing to go to class everyday and do the extra credit you should get at least a B. just study for the midterm and you will be fine.
Overall Sacramento is a good person, but her class was super super difficult. She is an extremely tough grader and be prepared to put in the most amount of work. I put in as much as I could given my mental state and amount of other classes I had, but it was still really hard.
The professor seems like a nice person OUTSIDE of class. But she makes our lives so difficult. Whatever you do, do not take her. She doesnt want you to learn, she wants to make your life miserable. I dont think she realizes that most of us took this class for a GE. Feels like theres a midterm every week. Save urself the misery.
this is a boring class. her notes are easy to follow but do not have much to do with the tests. i went to class everyday and still did not do well on the tests. the paper helps your grade if you turn it in early for her to correct. easiest 303 teacher.
Senez is crazy. Tests are EXTREMELY hard. I suggest waiting until he posts the study guides to read the articles. Very unclear about what he wants in assignments. I asked once and he spent 10 minutes answering everything BUT the question I asked. He's occasionally hilarious though...
I liked the subject the information was good, but he is very HARD! He is the only one that teaches this class! So basicly you are stuck! Sometimes students and teachers do not get along. WE DID NOT! I did like the study guide
Tyler is a very knowledgeable professor. I think he is an efficient professor... he gets things done on time, but is he an effective professor? not really. His grading criteria is clear but his time-consuming requirements like homework and online exercises do not have a lot of weight on your grade. The 4 exams are your best bet so study study study
If you have to take this course, you should definitely take it with him. His class was a joke, didn't study for any of the midterms and got C+'s on them all which turns out to be a lot higher because the average is usually way low. Walks you through the projects step by step, so just go to those classes and ignore the rest.
I am writing this while I am sitting though one of his lame lectures...I am bored to TEARS. Tests are Hard, projects are confusing, and he is really annoying (his voice especially). I would not reccomend Clay Tyler to ANYONE. RUN! Save yourselves... its too late for me.
This guy does not have any expertise in this subject, he teaches straight from the text and teaches like a kindergarten teacher. He is extremely boring and lacks teaching ability and creativity.
Craaaazy. This man is all over the place. you really have to pay attention to EVERYTHING he says because he will put questions on the test that are extremely random. interesting topic, but hard to pay attention.
This class was nuts, did not teach off the syllabus for me. I got a 65 on the first test, 56 on the second both with 8 point curves. I showed up to the final not reading anything, scribbled down 60 answers that looked like they had a correct word and PASSED the class!!! do not recommend for people not interested in ANTHRO
Take him if and only if you're good at guessing multiple choice.
Nice guy. Bogus grading system. BORING class. You have been warned.
the most boring class i have taken so far, for sleeping through it i got a b
Attendance counted for too much of the class. Easy tests, assignments. Class overall is a philosophical nightmare and its structure is unrealistic to life.
She doesnt know what she is talking about, cannot count, frequently contradicts herself, it is hard to believe she is a degree carrying professor.
He's an okay teacher, but not to easy
I guess Bambach is an okay professor but he is awful at working with the DSS office to accommodate students with disabilities. Also very rude when you email to ask about the status of accommodations. The class is easy enough but I wouldn't recommend taking it with Bambach.
He presents himself to be a good guy with his help editing your resume and all but at the end of the day what matters is what you learn and the grade. He is Not a good teacher, extremely hard exams, almost impossible! There is not much work that can help you boost your grade up. Just a presentation worth 8%, rest are midterms/finals. Big NO!
Had a very tough time with this Gen Ed. Dr. Gehring would try to dumb down the material but many of the people in my class, including myself, were lost on a regular basis. The lectures are boring, she gets off topic, and likes to share her opinions but you have to go to get the powerpoints. Avoid this Gen Ed if you're not looking to study a lot.
She is a really difficult professor, I probably could have learned a lot but we had soo many assignments and quizzes that it made me hate the class.
The material is extremely easy if you just read the book and follow along with her slides. I went to lectures rarely because they were hard to take away from. She's really incredibly boring and wastes a ton of time trying to settle the class (of 700). It's truly ridiculous. Nice lady, terrible teacher.
Don't waste your time going to the lectures, it's impossible to stay awake. Take notes on the powerpoint slides and go to recitation. She wastes a lot of time on getting the class to settle instead of actually lecturing. Study your slide notes.
Boring lecture. Very nice but for such a large class you don't really ever talk with her unless you go in to see her. Class is easy, midterm is realitively easy as long as you skim over reading. TA's suck.
Professor Lubic has expectations higher than any professor. She expects you to know how to write things and use punctiuation you've never used. Be prepared to write alot of papers.
Can be quite confusing and all over the place. Do the readings. All of them. She can be tough at times but if you ask for help, shell give it to you.
Went to office hours many times but is never satisfied. One person in my entire section got an A; impossible grader. Many people I know who took this course with another professor had smooth sailing Do NOT take this professor.
She asked questions in class that are completely having nothing to do with the class and expected us to know the answers. Could come off as rude and knew everything there was to know. Would not recommend.
She helps a fair amount, but classes are extremely boring. Really no point to them at all. It's pretty much writing papers all on your own.
She is hard, but she is always willing to help and the fact that she gives due dates is very helpful. Come portfolio time you wont be stressed out because you just have to do a few touch ups. Getting a good grade is possible i ended up with an A-. She is very nice but can come across as intimidating. Class can be boring but I have learned a lot.
She is the worst ever!
believe everything on here cause its true. it is completely pointless to go to class for an hour and 50 min, we go over the same thing every time but attendance is mandatory.it is impossible to above a c in this class. my friends had way easier essay topics then the ones she assigned.get another teacher NOW!
Humphreys is all right, but the homework is a pain, the class is boring and mundane, and how to study for the tests is unclear. Humphreys doesn't do a good job of helping you to study, doesn't supply strategies for solving the problems in general. You'll have to teach yourself.
Lectures are pretty pointless, I found the book more interesting than him. But you don't really need to pay attention since he gives a study guide before every test. Makes it a pretty easy class.
I took Intro to Human Rights with Prof Cornish, and wouldn't recommend. This class made me want to scream into a pillow and bang my head on a wall simultaneously. He's passionate about the material but doesn't know how to teach his students the material and there was waaay too much reading assigned every week. He's an easy grader though.
Took the class thinking I would learn about human rights but it's all about philosophers views on human rights. Hope you like sitting through many extremely monotone lectures if you're taking this class. Also, quizzes every week over pounds of reading. Good luck!
This class was not as bad as I had expected. He wasn't mean to anyone in cass like everyone says he is. The lectures are incredibly boring, but take good notes and you'll do fine.
He's good to have if you catch on fast. He does assign a lot of homework. I liked him, but it seemed as though the other students in the class struggled a lot and gave up. Final exam was very easy. He does keep in touch with his students and help out the dedicated ones. He even suggested nominating me for the Teachers of Tomorrow Scholarship.
Rosenthal is caring and will work with you outside of class to help you better your writing. She expects a lot of detail and specificity in your answers in class and on the tests which makes it difficult sometimes to get good grades. Classes are all discussion/lecture. Participation matters. Read the stories because she WILL call on you.
Ok professor. She explains literature really well and does help you understand better, but she is always right. She will ask your opinion then wince if she doesn't agree and basically tell you you are wrong. She seems to be a nice person. Not an easy professor and make sure to go to class. She remembers names and grills you if you miss class.
You read a story or multiple stories for every class. Each week, you have to write a synopsis on one of the stories. Difficult grader, boring class, not much room for error.
yuck, this woman is too smart for her students. Could be very condescending and rude but the grading scale is ok. Hated this class.
This is undoubtedly a very hard class and prof is unable to make it easier. He clearly mentions the pass rate of the class as less than 50 percent and is indeed true. If you are ready to work hard by yourself and power through monotone lectures, go for it. Only the people who attended every class passed. PS Internet help will not work for this one.
This class was hybrid and we were supposed to read and teach ourselves outside of class but when in class it was a waste of time. She talked about things that were not relevant to the class. Watch out on her tests she mixes the order of the answers on the answer sheet. You cannot just transfer your answers over. I don't suggest this prof.
She's a nice lady, but she's not a great professor at all. She knows too much about linguistics and loves it too much...which makes her incapable of teaching it. Her tests are ridiculous too, as are the projects. There are two huge group projects that take up way more time than she says they should. Avoid this professor
The textbook is useless because there were only definitions and no examples. Her tests were all examples and no definitions. Impossible to study for the tests because her tests were longgggggggggg and imposible. You will need at least 2 hours, but only get 1hr15. If you like an F, she's the perfect choice.
I DONT KNOW WHERE TO START... PLAIN SIMPLE DONT TAKE THE CLASS!! IF YOU DO, NEVER MISS AN IN-CLASS (ALWAYS BEFORE EXAM AND AT THE END OF LECTURE DONT LEAVE EARLY) ALWAYS DO THE ONLINE EXC COMPLITELY, DO 2 EXPERIMENTS, SLEEP WHILE IN CLASS OR JUST DONT SHOW UP, AND FINALLY DO THE PAPERS AND YOU WILL PASS THE CLASS. GOOD LUCK!!
tests are so difficult. you must read the book & take the online quizzes b/c her lectures have nothing to do with the m/c part of the test, but you better go to class to be able to handle the short answers. nice enough lady, but virtually insane. she did lower the curve at the end - helped me out.
Class lectures are boring. Has no sympathy for students. Each test question is a story. Worst part is that she doesn't allow for any exceptions.If you take this class stay on top of things.
though test, boring classes, very hard to pay attention, worst class I have taken.
Holy smokes! I have never seen such common sense information turned into practically rocket science. She is a nice person, but be sure to drink lots of coffee before and during class; a very hypnotizing voice!
He puts down students for asking questions, very condescending, knows his ****
I have no idea why everyone is saying this class is easy. This professor focuses on the dumbest things in class and then tests you on the most random fun facts covered. The tests are 90% of your grade and whether you study or not doesn't matter. She is irritated if you go to her office hours for help and any question's reply is "its in the book".
Fun class but really confusing tests. She doesn't curve grades but drops the lowest test.
She's SO CONFUSING. Very difficult to follow. Be ready to teach yourself EVERYTHING.
High energy but very confusing, the tests are awful no matter how much you study and the grading scale is super harsh. Be prepared to teach yourself everything and you need to be well informed about public and nonprofit organizations before taking the class. You'll need to use them as examples.
This was one of the hardest classes I have taken. Your grade is based almost entirely on the cooperation of an outside agency that you will partner with. We were perpetually behind in class, which meant a real struggle at the end. Her advice regarding problems was vague at best. Get another prof if you can.
I am an A student, but I ended this class with an A-, almost a B+. The professor would always tell me I did great on my writing, but I only ever got one 100% grade! He states in his syllabus he really doesn't believe in As unless you go above and beyond. Interesting class, I do not recommend if you are worried about your GPA.
do not take this man for a literature class. he had us write in his business and tech writing style, to the point where if you wrote it like a reg english paper he'd take off points. the textbooks were useless, and discussions had nothing to do with assignments. I still got As and Bs, but I've learned NOTHING.
This guy was a joke. Unclear in his expectations and completely serious when he says he doesn't give A's. Avoid this professor!
I honestly fell asleep in this guy's class every single day. His lectures are disorganized and hard to follow and the material isn't that interesting or engaging. The combo is a snoozefest. He's not a hard grader. I never once opened any of my books. Still got a B+.
NEVER even opened the book, NOT in class, and not for homework. Horrible teacher, assigns impossible assignments at the end of the semester. The rest of the time, we sat around and did no homework or anything. Midterm was a joke - we didn't even cover any of the information on it.
this is mostly a history class about himself. as long as you do the homework and put some thought into your answers he will grade you fairly. but he always shows up at least 15mins late to class which is annoying. he is very blunt and has some good examples and stories. but he also brings politics into his lectures.
He's probably a nice person, but he's a worthless professor. Journals were to be wrote about in class discussions, however, I found this task difficult because the in class discussions had nothing to do with communication and everything to do with his personal life, which I found completely irrelevant. Totally pathetic.
You'll either sink or swim with this dude. He's very unclear on what he wants done, his grading scale is completely whack, and you may as well throw the syllabus away when you get it. He can be funny at times...Take excellent notes and you'll do fine
Dr. Pierson has a very strong worldview and nothing will change that. If you think differently than him you will mark you off. This class is all lecture, just 4 take home essay tests and some quizzes. It sucks. The quizzes are 10pts and they are so detailed and opinionated and you better know what his opinion is. Save yourself. Take a dif section!
Rhodes doesn't believe in using powerpoints or D2L. All of your assignments are emailed to you and you have to keep track of your own grade. There are only 4 tests and the final is worth 40% of your grade. For hw, you read and analyze court cases and then he cold-calls to recite cases in class. Tests are all essays. It sucked.
Mono-tone voice makes it really boring. Quizes every day at the beginning of the hour so you have to be punctual. Tests are tough, doesn't explain topics very well. I still hear he is the easiest to take compared to other professor teaching 115.
This class was very poorly organized by Dr. King. He was very confusing to understand in lectures and tests were pretty difficult. Good guy, but made this class boring and confusing.
Interesting class, but he's very difficult to follow. The multiple choice questions are really tricky (a, b, a&b, all, none- kinda thing). does curve tests though.
ive had him for 239, 350, and now 430. He is going to make you work....hard....but you will learn a lot if you don't give up. also, more often than not Arch's classes will hurt your gpa. Most importantly remember 2^8=256
Nice man. First time teaching a lecture class, so it was not the best. Clear lectures and provided printed notes every time. Notes are not good enough to do well on the test. Have to do heavy studying, but it's manageable if you're good at it. Nice man, but needs some work. Stay up with readings and come to class and you'll be ok.
He has the worst handwriting ever. go buy glasses for this class. his notes are exactly like the book so they're not much help. hw is extra credit but is really hard and he doesn't go over it much. when he does collect hw its the 3 hardest questions from each section. enjoy!
Marafino is a cool guy and knows what he is talking about but he has a hard time actually teaching students. Quizzes and tests come straight from the homework and you have plenty of chances to get extra credit. Do your homework and ask questions and you will be fine.
not a nice man. kind of sounds like christopher walken, if you're into that kind of thing. also, kind of a jerk. the class is REALLY hard; the first thing you do is quadratic equations... the way the greeks and babylonians did it. horrible.
I had a bad experience with this professor. I felt she did not listen to the questions I asked and instead put students down for questioning the material. The tests required a lot of studying, but an A on all of them is very doable. I ended the class with an A but wished I had a more respectful professor.
Dr. Sutton is extremely unapproachable. During class she would tell people not to ask questions in the chat and you couldn't ask out loud either. Very boring to listen to and got mad often. The class isn't hard but would recommend taking a different prof if you can
Easy A, but her voice is dreadful to listen to. I stopped reading the textbook and attending zoom lectures about halfway in. Just take someone else if you have the option.
Her lectures are extremely painful. She goes through them fast and goes off on random topics. You have to read the textbook and teach yourself. No phones and laptops allowed which makes it worse. Attendance is mandatory (4 absences and the highest grade you can recieve is a C). Not the best pick for a gen ed class.
She's crazy. Her exams aren't the easiest because she barely teaches. But she's funny. I would definitely read the chapters and take notes.
One of the worst professors I have ever taken. Class is boring and not helpful yet there is an attendance policy. Dr. Sutton is the farthest thing from friendly and if you get on her bad side, your grade will be affected by her judgmental attitude.
Dr. Sutton has a very awkward sense of humor, but class is usually enjoyable. However, she is heartless when it comes to students misunderstanding assignments or missing class due to illness. Just do your work and study before every test and you'll be fine.
If you are studying to become a doctor, take this class; if not, take GKIN. Every class meeting is a power point lecture, usually the entire length of the class. The Wellness Project is actually 25-hrs, not 15. The course material is too in-depth for a Gen. Ed. and the book is your best friend. Not an effective teacher. #AVOID
Read the outlines, and the book, and you'll do fine. She doesn't teach to the test, so often half of what she says you'll never see, while some of the most important parts, she'll never say. She's absolutely psycho sometimes, but entertaining, I guess.
Great woman, but not much on the exams is actually covered in class. She tends to stray off topic and not focus on what we really need to know.
How did this lady get a PhD? Pronounces bradycardia brackacardia. Has she ever seen the word? Class is a joke don't learn anything. Most of class was spent deciding how I should kill myself. If you take the class you will know why. Student manual is a joke. Didn't use anything but the passport forms. Just photocopy a friends.
Interesting lectures, very smart woman, but her tests are so much harder than the material! Not an easy A.
Stupid things on exams that you don't need to know for real life. talks to us like your brain dead. and just over all rediculous.
This class was a waste of time. Going to class for an hour and 15 min was terrible. However, theres really easy busy work and some extra credit. Whether I studied for a test or not I got a B. not a big deal but boring.
You have to read to pass the tests, and if you get mono, she could care less, i had to take my first test when i was at the worst time during mono and she thought i was using it as an excuse
ok Sutton is one of the top ten on my annoying list, her students are more mature. She licked a condom in class, tries to get people in trouble and rambles on about nothing. Read the book during lectures and you'll be set for the tests!
Bell is a very funny guy. You will learn nothing yet you still need to come to class since that is how you will get your grade.
EXTREMELY BORING. However, the tests are pretty easy. She basically gives you the questions and answers before the test. For an anth class. it is not too much reading either. About 20 pages a night.
He goes over everything very very slowly and then on the test throws in several trick questions. He teaches toward the math majors so if you are not stay away for this class! He grades very hard and made an easy Nums class hard!!
A good professor if you are looking for an easy A. A bad professor if you have an accent while speaking and the occasional grammatical mishap in writing lab reports, which will lead you to getting called out in the middle of class. Expect a dry lecture if she doesn't let you out 30 minutes early.
Assigns two group projects for the term, these are your only grades. If you ask him to check your patents before you submit, he will approve them and then tell you he changed his mind and give you points off. Easy A but annoying class.
Class is self taught, but he is an awful teacher. He plays computer games the whole time and doesn't follow the course guidelines of the project when making the final project course. Would never take him for a professor again
I think a lot of these comments are old. The semester is not over yet, however he never said anything about getting 50 points if you go to every class. If your late, dont bother coming. Go to the bathroom before class otherwise hold it. Do the reviews, they help a lot. There is a quiz over the first chaper of every section. Overall, not good.
This class is so easy. He lets us use our study guide for every test plus 50 points if you show up every time. Pretty good teacher, but he tries to be funnier than he really is
Pointless to take his class. Forgets which class he is teaching, so lesson plans are irrelevant. Falls asleep during all student presentations, then makes up grades. Singles out students to humiliate them when he doesn't get their questions. Final grade had nothing to do with scores in class.
He seems like a nice guy. His teaching techniques are not so good. Lectures all hour and all he does is write on the board. If you cant write the notes down fast enough while he talks, good luck reading his hand writing on the board! I wouldnt reccomend this class to anyone. Noone shows up due to it being so boring
This guy is so boring. He thinks he's interesting. The test grading is ridiculous, they grade way too hard. Besides repeating stuff, he doesn't have anything together.
This was the most difficult teacher I've ever had. I took one exam & got a 48% on it. I had to drop the class in fear that I wouldn't pass. This may have been partially because science does not enthuse me. However, if you like science, this guy is extremely nice & you will like him as a person. Maybe not as a teacher though. Wouldn't recommend him.
USE THE OLD TESTS. I made study sheets using all the information on them and NEVER went to class (seriously)...and I got an A in the class. Old tests are key. Pretty boring lecturer, but super sweet guy. He's supposedly very respected in his field. Decent class.
Very boring professor if you are not interested in the subject matter. Little to nothing from lectures actually matters for exams so don't worry too much. Fairly easy class; just a lot of random long homework/group assignments. Exams came from online quizzes that can't see the answer to unless you get 100% on the quiz which is very frustrating.
Nice guy, strict prof. Grades really harshly. You can tell he puts a lot of effort into lectures, which is appreciated. However, discussion post and essay prompts were very vague and he always graded really tough on them. Confusing feedback on them. Much more difficult for a 101 class than I anticipated. Weekly quizzes had question not from book.
I think he is nit-picky and not clear on what he is looking for. Online quiz questions are confusing, and he is awfully boring. I would take another teacher if given the choice. Oh, and he is DEFINETELY NOT HOT! Not sure why he has a chili pepper!
An easy grader on papers, quizzes are easy, however sometimes he is hard to understand and the exams are really tough! I would reccommend a different teacher.
Nice guy and all his experience is really interesting and knows his stuff, but he tends to tell the same stories over again in lectures. Tests are straight out of book resources and the answers are almost always word-for-word out of text outline he also provides. Same for exams, so pretty much zero need to go to class other than for attendance.
He is really nice so its hard not to like him BUT... He doesn't speak in English he speaks in Ed-talk. Its funny that someone who emphasizes clarity so much is so unintelligible. I really wish I had been able to get into Gary Peterson's 237 class. If you take a class with Ed you must immerse yourself into his world or else your doomed.
Based on these reviews, expectations were set quite high. However, I can say this: way overrated. Multiple useless unrelated stories per class as an attempt for him to relate his life, which he loves to talk about, to the subject matter. You don't learn anything, but he's probably easier than the alternative so take him. A or B is not a sure thing
You'll learn from the readings only. He rarely teaches, he makes really stupid jokes. I am an A student and I did not like his class at all.
this guy is horrible, dont take his class
There was so much reading. I took this online over the summer and spent my entire day, all week, reading and doing homework for this class. His grading was extremely harsh for vague questions and often took points off assignments with the comment "I think you are wrong" when I cited my sources?? Lectures are boring and dont make sense. do not take!
I don't think I got anything out of this class. Everyone just sits on their computer, and there is genuinely no reason to listen because nothing she says matters. The essay prompts are ridiculously specific, complex, and annoying. I overall just did not like this class at all.
If you are considering taking ISAT 112 as a Gen Ed, don't. For a freshman level course, it feels like you need to be an expert on everything, especially chemistry.
The class is really easy, she's really nice, she just talks too much. No tests or quizzes or textbook, only hands on labs. As long as you do the labs you'll get a really good grade.
She gives some criteria on how to do the discussion posts, but it did not correlate with how she graded. Each chapter had 3 assignments. She is very wordy and wants you to do a lot more than necessary. She does not upload your grades to blackboard from MindTap until the end of the semester. So your grade will just be discussions until the end
She kinda just talks about nothing the entire time. I honestly learned everything from the book. Follow her study guides and you'll be fine. She is very annoying about group projects though, very picky. She also will linger on slides in the powerpoint that don't matter and then rush through the slides you actually need.
Worst and most pointless class I have taken at GV. Infuriated that I wasted my money paying for this class. You will present twice with a group. Assignments are extremely long for minimal points. She is the harshest grader I've had in college. The rest of your time in that class you will listen to her simply reading the PowerPoint to you.
Overall the class was boring and harder than it should have been. The lectures are not very interesting and have very little to do with the test material. Also, Prof Crampton tends to point out a lot of negative things and label a lot as "sucky" and "crappy".. not a very professional or pleasant environment to be in.
lectures are boring. tests and quizes are on text only. don't bother listening to lecture, take a nap.
What is the point on going to class? Her exams are never on what she talks about. Come to think of it, she didn't really say anything... learned a lot about her life though. Read the book, daydream in class.
Easy class, very boring.
For this class, the whole unit is put up at one time and then we had like 3 weeks to complete the quizzes and the projects. The projects often took a lot of time and were worth not many points. Also, I felt like I put everything he asked for into my projects, and then he would count points off for random things.
very difficult because it was online. he didn't explain anything, just sent website tutorials. the class was very confusing and I had no idea what I was doing the whole time. he did respond to emails quickly though
If you did not put everything in place perfectly then he will take of points. If you ask questions he answered in a very rude way. Also expects us to learn way too much in a short time. The first week he gave us two weeks worth of work. I am trying to like this professor but how he behaves I just can't.
Not too sure where to start...I thought this class was extremely challenging. His quizes are easy, but watch out for the test. No study guides at all. Whatever you spend hours studying, will NOT be the info that is on the tests.
He can be soo absent minded. He doesn't answers questions, and on many occassions he was rude to other students who comment on things he talked about. Other than this the class was boring, but the group sessions helped keep it fun. He does have consistent grading scale and he refuse to work with his students.
Will never take a class from this professor ever again!! He doent explain one thing to you and expects you to know what he never talked about! Way to much work for one class! He lost 2 of my tests and claimed I never took them so I got an E! He was marking me absent in a class I wasnt even taking!!! Get away while you still can!
Gaft,I believe,is probably brillant. However, his lectures and class format are VERY confusing.He was confused most of the time.He was boring but yet graded easier then I imagined. I would NEVER recommend to take him, but I think deep down he's probably a nice guy just a bad professor.Avoid!
Domangue's ANOVA class doesn't teach you much about the actually test, I learned more in my nonparametric class. You have to do homeworks that are graded harshly so plan to spend at least five hours on them. Also plan on using SAS in class, and though he tries to explain in class it may come up on a test and you have to draw the table from memory.
This professor is fine despite other ratings, he uses a lot of examples and goes off topic a bit, but explains things enough times so that you will know the material. Pretty easy to fill Gen Ed cluster 3 Math.
terrible! i hated him, he rambles on about nothing most of the time and you learn more from the book then actually going to class.
run...run far away! Homework everyday but it almost never has to be turned in. Tests are hard!
Dr Halsell is a great person, but not a great professor. This is easily one of the hardest gen ed classes offered at JMU, so if you can take something else DO IT. There are 4 exams (including a final) and they are impossible. Lectures are incredibly boring and impossible to follow if you didn't take AP bio in hs or aren't a bio major. Save yourself
Not my favorite. Lectures were difficult because she could barely explain things without making a mistake which would make me extremely confused. I love biology, but she made me question my biology major. Take someone else if you can, especially if you're an auditory listener like me.
Dr. Halsell is not easy. I like biology, and would to say like that I understand it fairly well. However, the way that the tests (which make or break your entire grade, essentially) are worded makes it almost impossible to comprehend what it's even asking. The test averages ranged from 50-65 my semester. Don't take her if you want an A.
Not sure why people are saying shes a good teacher because she doesn't teach HAHAH. Completely group based class so you have to teach yourself everything. Spend the majority of class talking to my group mates or staring at each other.. never accomplished anything. I guess I learned a lot because I spend hours teaching myself the class.
she is one of the worst teacher i ever had, She expects u to know the history of the U.S as if u were born learning the history of U.S. and she gives u question of day every week and no one gets it right so it means u just lost 10 points even if u read the book like million time,but she thinks u have not read the book at all.
She has no idea about the subjects she teaches. You ask a question, and she has to get back with you, needs to look it up. Crazy about cheating, too, doesn't trust anyone. I would go out of my way to avoid her as a teacher. She is wonderful outside the classroom, however. Her notes are just from the book, and she does not appear to know them well.
The worst teacher I have ever had, the class isnt THAT hard, if you read everything very closely, the tests arent bad if you have read and can remember everything, he thinks bca is the most important class ever
I disliked the class from the first day but had to take it and ended up with a B in the class. Its hard to push aside his "I'm better than you attitude" be ready to read read read. To succeed read, go to the website, and go to class.
Sooooo boring. I wanted to die. I would rather eat pig brains.
Seriously one of the rudest teachers I have ever had. Once told our whole class that she thought we were all going to make horrible teachers. Presents HER views, not necessarily the correct views. Only thing good about this class is that you can skip often and still get a good grade.
This class was decent. I would not take it again. At the beginning, the professor was nice and respected the students. The middle and end of the semester, he was ignorant and disrespectful. Many students would email him about issues, and he would reply with ignorant emails. Some of the grades were unfair too. I wish there was another professor!
Don't take a grad class with him. He repeats the same stuff that you learned in undergrad. Not only that, he told us a story about playing a trick on a professor that I read in one of our required text books - plagarism!!! And what he teaches will not be used in the average classroom! Oh, he was going to charge me $90/hr for help with a student!
the class is really boring unless you are into this stuff... you have to be in class or you will be lost. there is a note outline for 5 bucks she gives you and it helps a LOT. make sure that you study as you go, not just cram the night before on exams or you will fail. REALLY boring lectures but the labs are actually decent.
Nice guy but totally irresponsible. The exams are impossible to prepare for as well. This class definitely toughens you up.
I don't seriously think he wants us to quit engineering but the class was so disorganized at times it was pathetic. Instead of posting project demo times 3 days ahead like he said he would, it'd be done about 3 hours ahead. He also tends to ramble a lot. You have to work on your own to keep up.
This class was terrible. The material and the lectures are ok. The labs are horrible, with almost no instruction. Basically you and your team are by yourselfs in this class. Imbrie will always blab for a while about crap in each class. He seems to be fixated upon making people hate engineering.
He's a nice guy and all...but the way he runs this class is absolutely insane. He says a million words a minute during lecture, which makes it impossible to take notes (no Power Points). The tests are 7-8 different essays we are supposed to memorize. And then there are the "think pieces"...the worst assignments EVER created. Get ready.
Extremely difficult. Lectures are mindless note taking of proofs that will never be used, material you need to know is in book and won't be mentioned in class. Weekly homeworks take upwards of eight hours and are almost entirely proofs which are difficult to figure out how to begin. Tests are harder than they need to be. Do not fall behind.
Yeah so... I want to say he's bad just because I found him unclear in directions. But then I want to say he's good because he was not all that hard on us on tests ever. If you pass the final, you pass the class. But he's always very patient when anyone comes to him with tons of questions. GO TO HIM if you need help. It makes all the difference.
Took him for Health Planning and Evaluation. I personally wouldn't take him again- he gives 4 unit assignments which are very in depth and take a long time. Not neccesarily hard, but takes up A LOT of time. Not a very understanding professor, do not expect him to give you any leeway if an emergency comes up.
Weird class. Lots of extremely boring reading. Worthless discussions in class. Not a hard grader. None of the class material has any value other than historical information.
this class is hard but if you go to every class and take notes you can do okay. legit write down everything he says and then go over the notes to study. i didnt open the book once bc i went to class but buy the atlas, youll need it for mini tests. his tests are tough so take really good notes even though hes extremely boring
Class is very boring and he does not make it easy at all. Gives 5 mini tests which are hard and the questions come from random things, can use your atlas but it is of little help. Exams are very hard even if you study for hours, however coming to class is not mandatory and he posts power points online.
TL;DR Do the work, get an A. You will not learn anything, but you'll get an easy A. The class structure was chaos but was saved by the very lenient grading. If you meet the minimum requirements, you'll get an A. Trying to figure out the minimum requirement is the real challenge. The syllabus and assignments did not match. Very slow grader too.
This was a pre-req to MA110. He wasn't all that great, flew through the material and didn't really stop for questions. I took the hybrid course, so that might be why. The class wasn't easy, but if you cant pass this class, then i would stop here. This class doesn't even count toward a degree.
No partial credit. Hard tests. Doesn't give reasoning for answers.
One of the worst math teachers i have ever had. Classes consist of jotting down notes verbatum...THE WHOLE TIME. It is credit no credit for quizes and tests so if any part of the problem is wrong your wrong.
Wow, I hate math, still hate math. Nice man, terrible teacher, doesn't explain anything- just puts notes on the board and expects you to understand. not cool.
Unclear questions on tests. Adds tricky question which you have to read over like 8 times to get it. He claims he repeats important information 3 times, but this is not the case. Very challenging tests and he comes off like a jerk. Do not recommend.jerz.
He is not really a hard teacher, just a bad person. His tests are not too hard, you really just need to read the question and the answers very clearly; he will try to trick you with his questions. I have never attended his lecture, and expect to get an A- or B+, but I might just be an anomaly.
He's a good teacher, but his tests and the course are very hard in general. I still have no clue why I even need this class for my major (No, I'm not a pharmacy major).
the way he teaches is very hard to stay interested. the fact there is no textbook for the class made it very hard to study for exams.
This was the hardest class that I've ever taken! She was a very strange lady and it was hard to follow her! She was very helpful if you had a question or needed extra help but was the worst teacher that I have ever had. Lictman needs to learn how to relate to her students. It's sad that she is teaching future teachers when she is a horrible one.
Good teacher, but can be a real jerk to his students. Be careful, he will try to trick you on the tests. He will say something in class and there will be another explanation in the book and he will ask for both. Good luck
HUGE class, exams are difficult and cover a lot of information. Attending review sessions before the exams are helpful but do not study only what is on the study guide. Palfai is very knowledgable about psych but the class size is so big that it's hard to fully understand some topics that are taught
I HATED THIS CLASS WITH A PASSION!! Powerpoints really boring, exams and quizzes really difficult, and random questions about his life are on the test. TAs basically run the show. I don't recommend this course.
he's great when you see him privately, but his lectures are sometimes pretty boring :(
I knew going into his class that I wasnt good at algebra, and had to put in a lot of work either way. He assigns very frustrating webwork that count as quizzes, which I find very unfair. It was very hard to keep track of due dates and homework because there was so much and it was so disorganized. Try to avoid if you can, but if not, youll be ok.
Gross is a cool guy, but he is very awkward and soft-spoken when teaching. Because of this either he misses something important or you miss it in lectures. He knows a lot but has trouble spreading the knowledge. He also is very focused on accuracy which is tough in such a fastidious area of mathematics.
Prof Gross is a super smart guy, he has trouble teaching it though. I spent a lot of my free time in the math center and teaching myself what we had "learned" that class period. Wouldn't recommend
He is very boring and can be condescending at times. He does mumble a lot, not the best teacher but he is willing to further explain if you ask. No one can finish his tests on time so we always have to take the last page the next class period... they can be pretty tricky, too. I wish I had taken it with someone else.
The most useless prof that I've ever had. She makes it up as she goes along. Easy class but you're not going to learn anything. She'll edit all your projects in class three or four times and even if you do just what she asks she'll still tear it apart the next time that she looks at it. Lots of group work but you don't get to pick your group.
Tough class, she changes things up and is a tough grader. I suprisingly got a B, but definately had to earn it. I would avoid her if possible.
Was a decent professor... Basic Photoshop and Cinema4D class. It was pretty easy... I have gotten all A's and B's so far in the class. His lectures are decent, but I already have Photoshop experience, and C4D is easy to pick up on. Just watch tutorials online and the ones he provides and you'll pass the class no problem..
i don't like her at all. she wastes all the time talking about stuff that dosn't pertain to class at all. she will give us a break with like 15min left in class instead of letting us out early. she insists on sketches even if you don;t work that way. the projects that she has us do are so lame. this is the worst art class i have ever taken.
Only downside to this class is laptop use is not allowed. Note taking is MUST in this class as he covers a lot of material. Being able to type up my notes in class would have been very useful. Alas, he is afraid that everyone will play games, so they are not allowed. Hopefully you can write down names very fast and correctly. Good luck.
For a class with no prerequisites, this class is ridiculous. I read, take notes, and study it all. Pulling a C in the class and the current average is a D. Avoid if possible, especially if you're not an AD student. What he makes sound important in class may or may not be on the test, so get ready for questions out of nowhere.
Avoid at all costs. Very hard class, class average is D.
She is hard to understand and this is coming from someone who is good with acents. She does not teach, she basically tells what is out of the book. This is obvious since the first two test the average grades where 71.0, and a 65.
Horrible Class. Exams on insignifigant facts, not concepts. Lectures are not helpful at all. Strong Accent, but does not interfere with understanding. Would recommend skipping this class, but attendance is factored into your grade
Professor Gilbert is everything I aspire to be when I begin teaching. He's extremely knowledgeable, nigh incomprehensible, and seriously interesting. He explains what will be on tests before you take them, study the text and you will do fine. Classes are a bit confusing but invaluable, I wouldn't recommend missing one if you can help it.
I couldn't learn anything from him - never understood what he said. He does say bizarre things in class - makes it interesting, but only if you can understand him.
He's a bit out there. Find the old finals
What a waste of time and tuition money. If I wanted to hear about how the Democrats have and are ruining America, I could have just watched Fox News. Lectures are only on his opinions and biases, but the tests are on the book. What's the point in going to class then?
i dont recommend this class unless you already kno the material, if you do already kno the material (simple biology, chemistry) you will do well, otherwise you wont learn anything from this teacher.
This class would be easy if ANY of the material on the exams was discussed in class. The exams are super-detailed and she will occasionally go over some of material, but then she gets side-tracked and off-topic.
It's a fairly easy bio class. HUGE curve. Rancourt gets off topic a lot and taking notes is very hard to do in her class.
If you are going to take this class online and have another option, take the other option. This class is composed of... 4-6 hours of random youtube history videos and 15-40 pages of primary historical source analysis- per unit. Personally, HW was around 3000 words per unit. Exams are written and MUST be long to receive a decent grade. Poor feedback
Kind of a bore. I went on the 2 day extra credit trip, and still got a D+ in the class. She couldn't bump it up to at least a C-? Sheesh.. What a waste of money.
she's a nice lady but doesn't have a clue about true evolution or true geology
Dr. Wallace does not know how to teach!! She is horrible and not helpful at all. Her class is extremely disorganized and I think the woman is seriously off her rocker. With that being said, it is almost impossible not to make an A in her class.
I dreaded attending this class every week. The lectures were very boring and tests were tedious. Not a particularly hard grader on tests, but the class was just painfully dull.
Way too many tangents. He can't finish one sentence without going saying three other sentences. The class itself is all right because of the dual professors, but he is extremely scatterbrained.
His lectures were boring and he was very scatter-brained. I had no clue what to take notes on. We were expected to know every obscure detail of every story. I wouldn't recommend having him for a professor.
She was very hard as an instructor, assignments were large and time consuming. I wouldn't recommend her as an instructor. She might just be mentally insane.
I had the most problem with not knowing if i was doing assignments right. We had assignments that helped prepare us for he papers we had due, yet we didnt get any feed back. I would say the class is not too difficult if you do not fall behind, and dont slack off.
She's a very good teacher, but be sure to take good notes because the test is from her notes, not from the book. Her tests are only T/F and tricky, and she's also VERY opinionated! Unless your class in engaged in conversation, it's dull.
If it wasn't for my laptop, and facebook, I wouldn't have made it through the semester. I never opened my book. The questions weren't from the book. They were from Dorothy's head.
She goes off on way too many tangents. Hard to follow what she's talking about but very nice.
Am not a fan of Professor Hoffman. She is a very difficult grader who thinks she makes herself clear but doesn't. Somewhat cold if you meet with her outside of class. I realize not everyone will agree with that but that is what I've gathered so far. Class is reading court case after court case. Very dry and dull course I wish I had not taken.
WARNING DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR he is extremely disrespectful to his students, and peddles his second rate opinions as facts. Also he assumes that all of his students are 18 yrs old with a sheltered view of the world.
He's funny as hell, but he can be sort of intimidating. He gets aggressive if you disagree with him. His communications class is pretty pointless, but he thinks its the most important class ever. You're better off to take a different teacher for the class
I HATED this class!! Assignments were clear. A few writing assignments are required, which would be fine except he took a month to return it! NOT cool!! Exams are unclear to know what he really wants out of them. 1 question was sometimes worth 10 points. ridiculous. if you have another choice, TAKE IT!
Class is easy and grading is based off of mastery which is nice/makes it easy to pass. Besides that she is very unorganized and does not even remember what she taught us the week previous. I would not have her as my professor again.
Professor Welling is not a good instructor. She is all over the place, and can never focus on one thing. She uses mastery grading which I ended up liking. Her class is easy overall, but be prepared to learn the material from randomly assigned YouTube videos. Also, she becomes very skeptical when her students are actually doing well in her class.
She does not know how to teach this subject she doesn't explain how she gets her answers but expects you to. You do not touch the $80 textbook she says you need, doesn't give notes just youtube videos, and 2-3 worksheets a class then online homework.
I would not recommend taking her class if you can't learn on-line with little to no help. She's okay, but can be very unhelpful and distracted. She never seemed to be organized at all and made many mistakes throughout lectures. She does grade pretty easily though.
She is awful! The lectures are online and sometimes they are a bit confusing. You do worksheets in class and are still expected to do the homework at home. You are required to go to class. She says that you only do homework in class which is a lie. She can be very ditzy and its awful. She is willing to work with you on anything, so that's good.
Prof. Welling was very confusing. She often made mistakes when showing us problems which may throw off someone who is not very advanced with math. However, if you look through the examples in the book, you'll do fine on the tests. Overall it's a pretty easy class.
She is a really nice person but she doesnt teach the class very well. She doesnt explain the material and she often starts talking about random things in the middle of answering a question. It was hard to follow her and take notes, not the best class.
Class is very easy, because the information was already learned in high school. Teacher messes up alot and always needs to be corrected(confusing at time) I have an A, and don't take any notes or do any homework. Not a good teacher and extremley boring. She is UNLCEAR.
no homework. Take his notes for the tests or your screwed, doesn't use the book. Hard class.
If you catch on to accounting easily, then he is a good prof. However, if accounting is hard for you to catch onto, then he is not the prof for you.
She can beconfusing, she goes too fast, and she expects way too much in too little time. Take someone else who will make sure you understand the material.
I skipped class all the time. It's my fault he was hard.
Professor Dyer knows what he's talking about but the lectures can be very boring. The slides are hard to follow as he skips through them pretty fast. The exams are pretty hard and it can be hard to achieve a good grade without studying days in advance.
Can be the funniest nicest guy and then have this super-nitpicky, obsessive compulsive attitude. You have to use a pencil, no pens. Very quirky.
Class is really easy but she is a terrible prof. Cancelled class and moved tests the night before or 10 min before. Extremely unorganized and grades the tests months after taking them. You have no idea of your grade the entire semester. Don't even try emailing, she won't respond.
May be a nice guy but he is a failure as a professor. Tests are multiple choice via Educat. Tests over minutia that isn't important to learning. Seems more interested in making the class more difficult material. I've had better 400 level courses. Waste of money, waste of time. Wouldn't recommend. Disappointed in quality of education with this one
His tests are of the worst sort. He does not test on overall concepts, but on nit-picky details and examples. Didn't learn a thing that was important. This is a class I should have loved and I hated every second.
the most boring teacher alive. even his examples are strickly from the book. i cant believe he is still teaching...oh yeah hes the only teacher for this class. its not fair its like a monopoly he can be extremely boring and still be the best teacher
Looks like the guy from who's line... boring, dry class, read the book and ace
He spending the entire lecture going off on rants not related to the material, making it impossible to pay attention. Tests are hard and the multiple choice questions are based off his lectures, so it is tough to do well. Don't bother trying to email him because he won't reply. Stock project is a cool learning experience.
Professor Blose's lectures are long, boring, and hard to follow. He jumps around between topics, so it makes it extremely hard to follow along. He throws a lot of information at you (some of which he randomly adds) so you never know what you'll actually be tested on. Minimal power point. Exams are hard and not expected. Homework is light and easy.
Worst grader ever. She grades everything like a paper. Vocabulary lists went out in 3rd grade right? Not in her class. Ask for help on papers, still get a low grade but with tons of improvement and praise. go figure. i don't know what it takes to get a good grade, but still. sheesh!
She tries to help you when there are questions but she isn't ever clear on what she really wants from you. Her reading quizzes are a little hard because she asks for specifics from a 15-20 page reading. don't expect to get a good grade..she grades hard!
she's very unclear on what she wants
Good class if you do not care about history and only want an A. Lectures are vague and one sided. Found some comments very inappropriate.
not a bad class, but hes so boring and says ummm alot
i genuinely don't understand how he has such a high rating. yes, the man is very nice, but the work load is absolutely ridiculous. you're expected to type papers of 1000 (aka 4 pages) every week in addition to the research-based discussion board posts. also, he's very vague about the final project. don't take him. trust me.
If you want the chance to fall asleep in class every time, Caneday is your man. Extremely boring lectures and gives very hard quizzestests. Goes off on many tangents and rants... depending on the class, mine was good content but not the way he delivered it. All in all, he's a nice guy but not my favorite professor at unw...
I took this class thinking it would be easy for someone who isn't good at math at all, like me, but that was not the case. This was a tough class! Prof Lee is a nice guy but lectures were extremely boring. HW is optional but helpful, issues a lot of take home quizzes. If u have 100% attendance, he bumps your grade up at the end. Hard work required!
Grades unfairly sometimes and will not admit he is wrong even if you have proof. sometimes its hard to undestand his english. he tries to help you understand the material until he runs out of time and just dumps the rest on you and expects you to understand it. I would call him average averall.
I had never taken calc before and damn I needed help. I advise getting a tutor because in class you cannot pay attention due to the monotonous teaching along with the difficulty. He means well but it is hard to learn from him. Also, do go to him and show that you want to do well he may bump up your grade if you do well on the final.
He's definitely a professor that was more on the challenging side. I really respect him as a scholar but I do not give any credit to him as a teacher. He knows what he's talking about, but what's the point if none of his students understand what he is talking about, Right? If you take him, you should definitely be ready to study HARD on your own.
This teacher has made me hate math. He is very smart in the subject, but cannot relate the information, takes points off tests for no reason, just can't teach, and doesn't want to help you when you go for help. Unless you yourself are a math genious, RUN!
Calculus background very helpful. Do your homework and you should be fine.
He was a cool guy but he did not give helpful feedback to prepare your portfolio. He did not give feedback that would help the overall grade of your papers. His lectures did not give information that would help improve your papers. Take anybody but him if you want a good grade for this class.
I took this class as a hybrid in-person/online. I think Professor Phillips is an interesting person and he keeps you interested when the class is in-person, but online it's hard to feel engaged. The only grades in the class are based off of four tests and they are not easy. He also does not care if you have any issues during testing, its on you.
Took this class as a senior, and it was annoying. Phillips spends the first month of class trying to scare freshman rather than teach. Made a girl cry the first day, and mocked her behind her back the last day. He is a decent professor, and makes boring lectures fun, but his constant need to intimidate is unnecessary and makes class less enjoyable.
He seriously makes me want to punch a baby. He uses a graduate level textbook along with another one and another book you have to print off. You will learn a lot but don't take if you need the B- for Social Work, Econ is easier. Read everything and go to his office hours.
Beware the cult of Brian. You'll learn things in the class, but along the way you'll get manipulated and harrassed b/c in the end its all about him.
He makes the class more difficult than necessary then brags about how hard his class is. He talks about himself a lot. Be prepared to read a lot. I do not suggest taking his class unless absolutely necessary.
She does not allow you to use your phone. If you do then you will loose participation points whether you participate or not. If what you say is different from what she believes then you are screwed. She will lecture you and ask why you think what you think and then she will tell what she thinks and why she is right.
The tests are impossiable, although you will leran a lot
It seemed like he never wanted to be in the class teaching. He was always passive aggressive, grumpy, and overall in a bad mood nearly every class. He is generous with extra points on tests and quizzes and HW is not mandatory. I just made sure I got a 100 on each quiz and reviewed them and got 80s-90s on each test. Can get a B+ easily like that.
Dr. Gross is genuinely not a bad guy. He doesn't want you to fail. This class is just unnecessarily difficult and he does a poor job explaining much of the material. Unfortunately, I had my eureka moment wayyy too late in the semester as it was only by watching hours and hours of YouTube videos to pass the final.
ok this guy is easy because the take home assignments are worth alot and the tests aren't bad. but everyday he walks into class and asks if anyone has questions on the homework. if you do...he looks at the problem and then talks to you like you are retarded and he's like thats an easy one. well i couldn't figure it out, can ya help me? dont take him if ya have trouble understanding math.
His lectures are pointless because his exams come out of nowhere, A+ helps so much but you really have to know the packets to do well. This class isn't taught well by anyone so take Sachdeva because no one goes to class and A+ isn't that bad.
Yeager knows what HE is doing, but can't come to grips with the fact that others do not have his talent/ understanding of music. He DOES go off on tangents all the time, yet when it comes to exams he still expects you to know the material he never covered. Steer clear of old Yeager!
he is generous with his grading but his lectures are confusing. nice guy otherwise
He is very proud of his daughters. Other than that, he spends a lot of time writing programs in class while we stare at the screen. I suggest bringing a crossword puzzle to keep you entertained. He gives hints though during test...listen up.
Long-winded lectures, but daily clicker points make attendance a must. Midterm and final papers have super vague prompts. You can google online quiz answers, but the books are required for the papers. They're also expensive. Lots of extra credit, so an A is easy to get with some effort. Wouldn't take this class if you just want an easy A.
This class was not what I expected. We learned a lot about Big bang theory and a lot of pre-human history. I found it very very boring. He would get very angry at people that were late, talking, eating etc but never try to involve them or include them. I learned very little and hated the whole thing.
While I got an A in this class, I admit that I hated it. Nobiletti is a very nice man and very passionate about his subject, his his class was not for me. Little to no structure and a wide range of topics that don't go together. The assignments are not clear nor are the quizzes. Not hard to get an A, but perhaps not worth your time.
Ummmmmm......She really cant teach finite math. She is somewhat unorganized. She is really nice and will help you, but she goes over topics that we havent gotten to yet. But, she shows us quick and easy ways to solve our problems. She is okay, but it seems like she doesnt know the material enough.
you may not get the best grade but if you read the text you will learn a lot. very hard tests and graphs on powerpoints do not make for getting a good grade
Worst professor I've had at MSU.
This teacher has too much knowledge condensed into one course. Speaks over students' heads, and gives rather ridiculous assignments. He's quite difficult, but he will help if you ask.
To everyone claiming that Cy is "soo hard" ...welcome to college. You cannot expect your professors to spoon-feed you answers to future exams in lectures, or be able to find those answers verbatim in your texts. Cy gives you the proper tools to make the larger inferences yourself. If you can't succeed at this, it's not him, it's YOU.
He is an ok professor. I took his online class and his course reading material was wrong, so it did not match up with the lessons plans. He is pretty easy to get a hold of. His test are pretty hard so keep that in mind.
LIB. is all I have to say, and he lets you know, in a very subtle way though... You have to understand politics and history to understand his agenda.
I just feel that this professor actually likes the fact that some students may fail her course. The only way that you will do well on the exam is if you write exactly what she said in class. I find it ridiculous. Good luck to future students.
jerk...the tests seem easy, especially w/ the notes you get,but you still won't get an A. He isn't willing to help. Don't need to read the book for class, but def helps with the notes (buy it!) NOT an easy A. Need to work for a B.
I guess if you are unsure of what you want to do the Dream Job paper is good. I hated it. I agree you have to write everything according to his opinion. Don't waste your time with office hours all he does is direct traffic and try to get you out of his hair. It is best to find someone who took him before and find out what he expects.
Too bad he is the only teacher to choose from to take this class. Really, this class isn't that useful and even though he seems to enjoy teaching it, he is just an ok teacher. Makes you write a paper and as a heads up, write it to please him, not you because that is honestly how he grades it. Easy class to get a C or B but not so much for an A.
moves very quickly thru material.sarcastic, not a good teacher, swears in class
DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE UNLESS YOU ARE VERY INTERESTED IN ASTRONOMY- YOU WILL HATE IT! The course is a boring lecture, where you are required to take electronic quizzes everyday- which bring everybody's grade down. good luck
He repeats himself a lot and has a stutter problem but the class is not that hard. He lays everything that you need to do out on his website. He can be funny at times. He means well and is nice but sometimes can be boring and repetitive.
I must give Dr. Y credit in that he has an amazing passion for history. He tries very hard to light a fire under his students and get them to realize that there is more to history than what we think. However, this class requires a LOT of reading, lectures are vague and unclear, he says he's not but he really is arrogant and self-righteous.
INSANE workload. Dont expect to have a life if you take this class. There is about 2-4 hours worth of additional work/studying per credit hour (8-16 hours of work outside of class) If you dont get it, drop asap because you will get left behind. Unrealistic expectations, especially for an "introduction" class. Ridiculous!
funny. easy. doesn't teach well. read book to learn something
She's a terrible professor. She only teaches to the people who have no prior experience. When you get your homework, she doesn't allow you to do things in your own style, you have to go by exactly what she has, therefore everybody has the same homework. Very boring class as well. Avoid this professor.
She is very vague on her assignents. To understand the assignments is the hardest part of the class
My god, she's an awful instructor and one of the hardest profs ive ever had
Took this class last semester. The way he teaches the class is really strange. His directions are extremely unclear and so trying to know what you actually have to do in the labs and homework is a pain. He's funny and nice and a good guy but his teaching style is all over the place, confusing, and unclear
This class is nearly impossible if you're not a finance major. Lectures are long, boring and very hard to follow along with his essay notes. He either goes off topic or when you're finally writing notes down he goes too fast and skips ahead. He has the TA walk around the whole class and take notes on what you're doing. Avoid this class if possible.
Trefzger is a nice guy but his class isn't too fun. The guy takes attendance in a 160 seat lecture hall. His assistant walks around during class and writes down who is paying attention and who isn't. I never wanted to go to class but when I went I never learned anything. The guy just rants the whole time and doesn't do practice problems.
Lecture completely pointless and impossible to understand.
This class is not easy by any means. I worked extremely hard and never missed a class and pulled off a C. Do all of the practice problems multiple times because the tests are somewhat similar to those. Utilize Tref's office hours as well, he will do everything he can to help you pass the class.
Joey T has been one of my favorite teachers at ISU. Yes, i agree the material is boring, and yes, i never paid attention at all in class, but as long as you do the problems he tells you to look at via his notes, there is no way you should get lower than a B in this class, the tests are exactly like his notes, the numb. in the problems are just diff
Woodman doesn't care that you have a job or other classes, you have to make this class your life to pass. Very dry lectures (sometimes funny), lots of text material on exams. Extra credit for good attendance, also a few extra credit points for most exams. Very well respected guy but not at all approachable. I wouldn't take this as a sophomore...
I honestly cannot figure out why anyone would ever say he's a good teacher. I'm not ragging on him because he teaches tough material and not all people pass. He is by far the rudest, most careless professor I've encountered. He honestly LOVES to make people feel stupid and radically inferior to him. Also, if you need help, find it somewhere else.
Very condescending. I always felt stupid when I would ask a question, not a good learning environment. I can tell she is a nice person outside of class but that doesn't matter when I am trying to learn.
Lectures come straight off the PowerPoint slides which are read nearly verbatim. Bring coffee or other caffeinated beverage to prevent falling asleep. That said, I actually learned a bit from the power points. Finally due to his foreign birth it is occasionally tough to understand him. If you do poorly with ESL folks, avoid him. Average professor
Attendance accounts for way too much of a grade in this class. Everything you learn in class is also in the textbook, but the textbook covers everything more extensively so you'll end up doing the same amount of reading whether you attend lectures or not.
Dr. Cook is clearly extremely intelligent and therefore her lectures can be very hard to follow, as she does not simplfy language often. The tests are very specific and difficult, but luckily there's a really big curve typically. The book and readings are all very interesting. The lectures are unengaging, so full attention is needed.
Run while you can. I was initially excited for this class, but her lectures were completely awful and she couldn't hold my attention for 2 seconds because everything she said was random. I somehow managed to get an A, probably because I read for the class. But all I can remember learning is that she has goats...
Her classes are rather dry and boring, unless you're extremely interested in the subject matter she is teaching. She has an icy, unapproachable personality and prefers to work with her own graduate students. Her classes are very difficult and require a lot of work and reading.
Hard as hell. She makes you learn, but it is done mostly on your own.
I couldn't this class. His accent is so difficult to understand, and the assignments were really boring and tedious. I dropped the class a few weeks into the semester, and I'd advise others to never sign up for it.
Horrible instructor; he isn't interested in teaching you, he is interested in making you laugh. However, he isn't funny. He makes cheap jokes about beer and cocaine, but at the end of the day everything I learned about Marketing could have been taught to be me by reading a few chapters of our book. Doesn't proofread tests.
it is an easy class but he has no idea what he is talking about AT ALL! and he is the coordinator for the major Sport Marketing and Management.
This has been one of the worst classes I have ever taken at IU. The lectures are extremely unhelpful. Her practice tests (if she decides to even give some out) do not correlate with the actual test despite being "old test questions". She does not prepare you for the test at all. Extremely disappointed she is the only A201 teacher.
This professor is extremely judgmental and often times belittles students in front of the class. First impressions are the only impressions with this professor, good luck. You couldn't pay me to take another class with him again.
One of the most monotonous, cocky, and abrasive teachers I've ever had. I received an A in the class and even some relatively nice comments on my work, but that doesn't make up for the fact that he was a horrible professor. Although writers must get used to criticism of their work, this was an intro class and it was taken a little too far.
I found professor Bowman to be not very understanding of things and that really bothered me. I would not take a class with her again. I felt disrespected as a student.
He's probably one of the worst professors I have had at IU. He never covers all of the material the he plans on covering, so he ends up cramming random things in on the class before the test. He seems like a nice man, but he should not be allowed to teach.
This is the most pointless class I have ever taken. There are only 3 tests and no papers which sound great, but there are constant pop quizzes which are over unretainable reading. GOOD LUCK PASSING!
She is very scatter brained and gets confused frequently with what she is teaching. She is rude toward the Asian international students and told them to change their major on the first day of class, specifying their race as the reason. She is completely illiterate with technology and is rude to her students. One of the most frustrating professors
This is my first semester taking a class with him, and he seems to confuse me during lecture. I wish we could switch classrooms though. I will update at the end of the semester
Mrs. Prieto is a very nice lady. Attendance is mandatory, but going to her class isn't bad. She never has homework written down and says it at the end of class. I had her for three hours bright an early on Friday mornings and didn't mind going. Easy class and if you need verification just ask, and redo's are accepted.
two easy ways to pass her class. #1 agree with everything she says and #2 don't be American. If you've had her before I'm sure you heard her comments. Overall, she can be a bit confusing in her instructions and she loses graded homework...alot. I got an A and I'm still pinching myself (I'm american too).
She is a joke does not answer questions when they are asked. Doesn't explain how we will use this information in teaching Math which is what the class is supposed to be for!
The systems she teaches is awful. Long hw is hard. TA and labs are only things you learn from. Lectures are pointless. She mumbles something, shows pp slides and show really examples. Hw are extremely hard and worth nothing, but you have to do it. Tests are problems from hw and some examples from class. Good luck .
Lecture is almost pointless, but the homework is due every lecture (you turn it in before class actually starts, so you could leave), but there's a quiz daily in lecture. I had to rely on my Lab TAs to learn all of the material, especially since the textbook wasn't very helpful at all. She is nice and will help you if you ask, though.
Class is hard and fast-paced and she never explains anything clearly. You won't understand anything until the day before the test. You'll think you're flunking but be surprised that you have an A in the class because of her nice extra credit system. Class sucks but you'll get a good grade.
Knows what he's talking about, but definitely not good teaching style. Very unclear on topics doesn't go into detail. And if you're not one of his favorites, say goodbye to any hope of a high grade.
This was one of the first online classes Iv'e ever experienced as a freshman. The first few days I spent in the Adobe Lab were some of the most stressful I've ever had. I felt like I was floundering to understand the concepts in the book
judy is a very nice person, but knows absolutely nothing about computers. it's sad when all my fellow students are coming to me for help, and i really don't know much at all about computers.
He is very smart and fun to listen to. I enjoyed going to class but his tests were impossible! I love history and i studied for hours for every test and i couldnt make over a D on any of them. His tests are very tricky and what he tells you to study isn't on the test. I'm not sure where he gets his tests questions.
He would constantly interrupt people and then complain about how they never contributed to the discussions. A better title for this course would have been, "The Fascinating Life & Times of Michael Heffernan." Still, he was sometimes helpful in spite of himself. He can be a really nice guy, but he chooses not to be one about 90% of the time.
He's nice but the lectures were super hard to get through. He doesn't really give you any expectations for the quizzes or papers either. I think I only didn't hate the class because he liked our group somehow.
The readings aren't interesting, and he grades extremely harshly, especially for a 1000 level course. He doesn't give good instruction on what he wants from our essays, and mostly grades on grammer and punctuation rather than the paper itself.
Studied pretty hard for the tests and didn't come away with a great grade. His tests are too hard and detailed, not as concept based as he acts. Funny accent, but I don't think he understands he is teaching an intro course that shouldn't be so hard.
I went to his class 4 times: the first day, and for each of the three tests, and I got a B. Obviously, if you just use the study guides and read the book, you will be fine. I couldn't understand a word he said in class (weird accent)and it was impossible to stay focused (sooo boring, especially if history isn't your thing)
Miserable. Not even hard, just miserable. By far the worst class I've ever taken.
His class was so hard to pay attention to if you don't really like history. I had it in SEAU0104 and he would dim the lights and show things like maps during the entire lecture. With the lights off, nothing interesting to look at, and his accent his class felt like it would never end!
Well, he's not the worst professor I've ever had. I got A's on B papers and there were no exams...but his monotone got a little trying after about 20 minutes of class. Time went by slooowwly
This class is unbelievably difficult, his tests are so detailed and you must remember extremely specific things from the power points and from class.
I used to love chemistry and this class genuinely made me hate it. The lectures were dull and long and the professor went so fast through each lecture that attending lecture was basically useless. You are better off just learning everything on your own. However, if you don't attend class your grade will suffer do to in class questions for points.
impossible tests, she says she will bump you up if you are on the border in class but really doesn't. be sure to do the homework and goto class. take it somewhere else if you can
This woman is the anti-christ! I had to come back to AR from VA over the summer to retake her stupid class because of 2 points on ONE of her insane tests. If you value your GPA then RUN, and FAST
Would definitely not take him again. Class is unorganized and readings do not match the lecture. Lectures often confusing to follow and he goes really quick. No technology allowed whatsoever so you have to write everything down. Grade basically comes from 3 tests which are super difficult. Do not recommend.
He's not that bad. Yes. His lectures are REALLY boring but his grading is pretty easy. As long as you do well on his quizzes and at least attempt his projects you should make an A or a B.
Very unorganized, assignments and quizzes are of extremely small point values, I learned absolutely nothing. Only take this class if you prefer to skip class.
Gordon Morgan is a terrible teacher -- he does not teach anything, but he will not be fired because he has "tenure", which he likes to gloat about at the beginning of the year.
There were way easier sociology classes to take than Adams. The tests are actually really hard and very difficult to be prepared for.
Told us to only study what was on his outlines, but on tests he would include a ton of info not on those outlines. Rambles on and on about things that don't pertain to the class. Doesn't know how to explain himself very well.
Attendance is not mandatory nor necessary. Lecture does not help for tests. Offers a lot of extra credit through games and other. Easy project. Easy essays. Cool teacher. Not clear in lectures, therefore not helpful for tests. Just read the chapters for the test and you should be fine. Very basic. Not meant to be too challenging.
Work was minimal, but he had a tendency to ramble during lectures. Much of what he said made no sense in context with the book reading, or just briefly skimmed over it. I didn't learn anything.
Mrs. Siu isn't tech savvy at all, and still uses an overhead projector. She doesn't post anything online, which makes your grade hard to access. She's a solid professor, she knows what she's talking about, but talks very fast, and it's hard to keep up with her. Also if you ask her a question there's a chance she will talk down to you.
I didn't find her to be rude like everyone else said, she is quite nice. However, I feel like she didn't explain the concepts in depth enough for the tests. Sometimes went on unnecessary tangents. The class average on the final was 70%, which I think is reflected in her teaching quality. Not the worst, but I would recommend taking another professor
I would only recommend Prof. Siu if you have prior chemistry experience. She covers a lot of content and it's not that in depth, but doesn't do a great job of explaining the "why" of chemistry so you'll need to figure that out on your own. Her lectures and discussions are pretty laid back which was nice, and she'll answer your questions if you ask.
She is very sarcastic and condecending. She gets off topic a lot. I recommend switching to a different professor if possible.
She is unclear usually but if you ask her to go over something again she is almost always more than happy. its easy especially if you took chem in high school. The class is not that difficult if you put work in. do practice problems in the book before tests and quizzes and you will get an A/B
Personality wise, Siu is quite mean. She is intimidating to ask quesitons to. But overall, the class is quite easy. I never took chem in high school, and I got an A. As long as you do all of your OWL, you can get a decent grade. She teaches pretty well. Just don't ask her anything, she'll bite your head off. Same differoni?
Nice person if you aren't talkin Chem. Sort of willing to help only if you ask the right questions. Tough grader. She was much easier in 109!
This professor made me feel extremely stupid when I asked questions and I would not recommend her to anyone.
She explains the lab okay, but is a VERY picky grader. Takes points off that other professors do not. The only way to get on her "good" side is if you are an ice skater.
tests are very difficult to follow. she tells you that they are extremly hard and will proably fail it. most fo the people in this class have Ds. scary to go to for help.
Talks nonstop about ice dancing. Doesn't teach well. Tests and quizzes are hard.
Paul is a super smart person. Very educated and wise. But, his lectures are brutal. If you dont take extremely diligent notes, youre pretty much destined to fail. Wouldnt recommend as a gen ed class. Thank god wcu is doing the alternative grading option for online classes. I have a 4.0 but his class wouldve brought it way down. Dont take.
Stoller is one of the smartest and moat experienced professors around. However his powerpoints are very vague. You must pay attention to what he says and he will not repeat himself. You will be very co fused on what material will be on the test
This class was impossible for me. I went to every lecture, sat in the first row, took crazy notes, studied for days, and barely got a C. The tests are all opinion questions, and the notes don't help at all. Also, the only grades all semester are 3 tests.. do don't screw up
I agree with all the negative comments. He seems like a nice guy and could be interesting with all the "adventures" he's had, but the class is unbearably dry. (I fell asleep almost every day).
He is a pretty nice guy and very animated when teaching. However, he is not very organized or clear when it comes to assignments and the webcourse is hardly ever updated. Also, he likes to crack jokes and poke fun at students, which can be fine, but one of his jokes really rubbed me the wrong way and being in class became extremely uncomfortable.
Dr. Pearson if the funniest professor at the entire Uni...I took 2 of his classes, living in the digi age and history of technology and they were both interesting..He's constantly making fun of students and everyone else but it's actually tasteful and funny!!!
She did not seem to care about students. She didn't even bother to learn my name despite the small class size and my engagement in the class. It was a very interesting topic that deserved to be presented with a little bit of enthusiasm.
I did not enjoy the class at all. 80% of your grade is made up of tests. Her tests and quizzes are very difficult, and she words them really strange, often talking in circles and seeming incoherent. This class was taught a lot harder than it had to be, and I strongly reccomend you take it with some other teacher.
I took left a comment on here when I took SOC 101 with her. Do not take SOC 231. You read books and learn what the authors have to say about Criminal Behavior and Devience. She never really comes out and explains what the main goal of the class is. I thought it was a really crappy class. It my be a good class for those who enjoy reading.
I took his online class, and he has zooms if we need help, but when you ask him a question, he will just point you to the book. He won't even try to answer it.
Grading system is not very good and very frustrating. You will spend hours on this course, if you are really into history then you should be okay. Although the quizzes are timed and you have to get a 90% on each quiz to pass and move on in the course which was very very frustrating for me. But a very informational course!
Only class I ever got a grade lower than B. Talks too much about off-subject. Her tests are very confusing and sometimes contain material that she doesn't teach in class. The grading system of non-multiple-choice questions is very unclear. Moreover, the multiple choice is worth more points, which is even more frustrating.
She is a pretty good teacher. Her tests are multiple choice and the final is multiple choice with one essay question. She has three tests, including the final and one essay on a book in the beginning of the quarter. She is pretty easy as long as you take good notes when she is lecturing.
extremely hard class. expects a little too much out of her students. i studied alot and i hardly pulled off a C. i would never recommend her as a teacher and it amazes me that she is the department head. i honestly didn't learn much from this lady. don't take her; you'll regret it.
Warning: All previous comments are accurate! I am attending this professor's Hist 204 with my baby sister, and I must warn all potential students: DO NOT TAKE ANY OF HER COURSES! Her grading system is unfathomable and merciless! She is NOT the professor for you, if you're looking for a compassionate, humane professor...or just a good grade.
Good professor and Ok class. He likes graduate students more than undergrads but overall the class was ok.
Overall, I'm pretty disappointed. I was excited to take this class, & I feel a bit cheated. The lectures had no clear direction. I'm not sure if I learned anything. There were a lot of technical issues, & although they were beyond his control, I feel that there were other options. Tuition isn't cheap, and I'd like to get what I'm paying for
she is very unorganized, i would recomend professor Iviricu or bloomers.
You really need to show up and listen to her lecture to take good notes. She doesn't do PowerPoints and you have to invest a good amount of time studying to get pass the exams. I think I got an A- because she drops your lowest exam score and somehow I passed the final. Her "group" projects are graded really harshly and specifically.
Like the testing set-up, overhead notes are outdated and require a lot of quick writing, she has a "god complex". No children but has all the answers about them, very liberal.
If you take her at the main campus Im sure she is better but as far as ITV campus for CSUB-AV she is horrible. She puts the AV side on mute, doesn't communicate with the AV side at all. She is very strict on grading and very harsh. In my class we had two emergency drops and the rest of the class was struggling with D's and C's. DONT TAKE HER
It was an educational class. She's funny and smart. Don't disagree with her. Just follow what she says and you'll do well. She *does* have her favorites, but that won't stop you from getting your A.
Lectures are boring
Dr. Suter's class is definatly challenging. It requires a lot of time at home to prepare for his class. Approximately 15-20 hrs. out side of class. As a person, Dr. Suter is an awesome guy, but his class is way too demanding for those of us who do not plan on getting into the biological aspect of Psychology. You can study for a test but never know
Dr. Suter's class is definatly challenging. It requires a lot of time at home to prepare for his class. Approximately 15-20 hrs. out side of class. As a person, Dr. Suter is an awesome guy, but his class is way too demanding for those of us who do not plan on getting into the biological aspect of Psychology. You can study for a test but never know
This was a pretty rough class. Moe is awesome, passionate, and challenging. That being said, however, you have to work hard. Go to office hours, it really makes a difference at the end of the quarter. Know everything. Tape his lectures. He likes to weed out at the beginning. Go to lectures and pay attention. Be prepared for quizzes. they'll count.
This was a bonkers class. I love biology, but I had no idea what was going on this entire semester, even after asking questions. Mr. Spiegal knows about biology, but from my experience, he doesn't teach it. Lectures were hard to keep up with and his exams were outrageous. The 'scenarios' were phrased in such a complicated way. Good luck.
I feel that he is a terrible teacher.He never used the book in the class; you had to buy it because he took the quizzes and tests from them. He allows a cheat sheet for tests so you can copy the questions really small and take them into class with you. It basically means you have to buy your grade for $200. And he can be quite rude.
Hard professor, you MUST do homework and study, not a prof. to blow off...if you just do the homework, you'll have a much easier time...try to get involved in the class, after all, you are going into education if you're in this class, it will make it so much easier...
He really isn't that horrible of a teacher. He has found out that students will do the bare necessities to get away with passing. He makes you EARN your grade and you have to work very hard. It comes off as being harsh, but he's really a great guy and a decent teacher if you put the effort in that he wants from you.
this guy has average fair tests. he gives group quizzes so good chance to raise your grade. you need to do the homework to get the topic but does not collect it. very unclear some times. make sure to reed before class it's required to get a good grade.
Extrememly closed minded and self absorbed. He will not listen to you he just waits for his turn to speak again. Boring and not want you want out of the class.
He is very passionate about economics. But he doesn't translate that passion to his students. He sees that the class as a whole isn't understanding, but he barrels straight through the course anyway. It would have benefitted everyone if he could spend more time on certain subjects. PAY ATTENTION, it doesn't benefit you to play on your laptop.
I consider myself a good student. I love learning and I don't go to class for the grade, and I usually get A's and B's. I missed two days in this class and I could never catch up again. After that, I sort of just had to give up. His lectures are way too fast, and his voice is very monotone. This is the 1st and only D I've ever received in my life.
I can barely keep my eyes open through two and a half hours of click, read, click, read on power point. Do not take tuesday/thursday classes, they are too long! This class is mind numbingly dull. The midterm wasn't too bad(got a C), but I haven't taken the final yet.
Dr. Gea is a very nice man; however, he is not a great physics teacher. The lectures are absolutely pointless and really only help you with attendance points. I taught myself everything in this course and relied heavily on past physics courses and the textbook.
He calls out students but takes it too far (made fun of kid obviously on the autism spectrum); brought god into several lectures; screens white, predominately cishet male films w/ offensive stereotyped roles (Lottie in Mildred Pierce for ex) but never brings that up. Go to class, and you'll get an A (BME major so def not a lot of work/effort 4 me)
I never went to lecture, only discussion section. I watched the movies on my own time in the beginning, but realized you don't need to. Just watch trailers and read summaries and you'll be fine. The papers kind of sucked though.
Should attend all lectures. The papers are difficult but enjoyable. You have to do most of the analysis of the movies on your own and on the tests the movies are paired with certain qualities for which they were not analyzed. Study hard!
Casper is such a performer! He's just that kind of professor that you either love or hate. Overall, though, he was very interesting to listen to. Sometimes, he went too fast or wasn't clear, but the TA's could clear it up for you. He can also be very intimidating. The class is good! You watch a movie every week. Take it if you have a chance!
He would always talk about subjects that had nothing to do with the chapters. His midterm and final are take home but the final essay questions have nothing to do with what he taught. when you take notes he moves to the next subject fast. He was just totally rude when you would try and talk to him. I would not take his class again hes too confusing
I have her for a typing class. She takes a long time to get to you if you have a question, she needs someone else in there to help her. i am nuetral about her. but the class is fine.
The structure of the class is based around showing up, asking questions, and 2 tests. But she isn't very conducive towards questions. Most of the time she just keeps talking and doesn't allow for many questions. Her notes are terrible good luck reading them. Overall kind of an annoying class would not recommend. Could be much simpler but its not.
Professors knows A LOT about her subject, so dont go searching google for answers because they will be wrong. Her lectures are very boring with no visuals or powerpoints whatsoever, strictly just her talking. There are only 3 tests the entire year so you must do good on them. If you take good notes on lectures and pay attention youll be fine
Overall this was not a terrible class. However, her handwriting is atrocious so when you get tests back you will have no idea why you got the grade you did. She looks for very specific answers on tests and if you don't give her those answers(tests are all essays) you will lose significant points. Only grades are 2 tests and final
She is very passionate bout what she teaches, but has trouble communicating with students. The book is very hard to understand and her explanations are often contradictory. She talks fast and is sometimes hard to understand. You can not read a single thing she writes. The grading criteria on tests is confusing and you cannot read her comments.
Biggest issue was terrible handwriting. She writes all of her notes and refuses to use Power-point. All of her tests are hand-written. It's a regular class but she treats it like an SWS course. English is a second language for her which makes it difficult to understand. Very nice woman,and if you do go to office hours, she can help.
Does not input grades so you wont ever know your grade. Changes grades constantly. Rants in class. Least specific professor I have ever had. Kind of rude. Fun to listen to in class though.
I do not reccommend Mgmt 309 w/ Tarjan. It seems as if you don't agree w/ what he says, your wrong. You can follow guidelines when writing a paper, but again, if he doesn't agree, you are incorrect. Its frustrating. He attempts to cram way to much info in each class session. I won't talk about his personality, this is a review on him as a teacher.
The professor was difficult to get a hold of and when trying to get help from him he was rather condescending than helpful. He does not seem to care about teaching a class rather just g on through the motions of his work. I do not recommend this professor.
Took Media Law online. Zero interaction with the professor all semester. Your entire grade consists of 4 tests. However, if you do the reading it's extremely easy. The only thing I studied was what each legal case was about and the lowest grade I received was a 94. Though there was no interaction, I really don't know how else to teach this class.
I agree with everything that was said by the message dated 3/29/04. He is great to have as an online professor, but as an in-class instructor, he is totally out of it.
Managed to ace his class. It is a very demanding class. The trick to surviving his database class is to do everything as early as possible. Do not wait until 2-3 days before a phase is due to work on it. Start the front end of the project early (like week 1 early). Thoroughly understand his hotel queries to do well on the midterm. Good luck!
his accent can be hard to understand, and he has a tendancy to make each homework build upon the last one so if you have trouble with one homework, you are basically screwed for the rest of the quarter because you will be playing catch up the whole time.
Content of this course is very hard so keep that in mind when taking his course. He lectures extremely fast and you'll most likely have to swap notes to find out what you missed. His tests are the most difficult I have ever taken.
Studied 35 hours a week for his class, and scraped by with a C. If you take this class all your others will suffer. BE AWARE, BE VERY AWARE
Very intolerant. Very impatient. But if you present yourself with professionalism, you'll do fine and learn a lot.
Just study the CD! I didn't take any notes or show up for class and I got an A.
He's a great guy and he's incredibly nice, but man are his tests ridiculous. You won't score above a 70% on any of his tests but his curve is very generous and he doesn't fail anyone. He has a thick accent and can be sort of incoherent, but show up, do the homework, try your best on tests and you'll be totally fine.
this is a difficult class, there is just no way around that. Phillippi is not the best math teacher ever, but not the worst either. Tests are hard but she gives a decent amount of group work in class that can help boost your grade.
He teaches the class by listing what you should know/ memorize. He is more like a preacher so he does not give very good answers when you ask questions/ interrupt his sermon. He goes over the basics over and over again and spends little time on new material. He does not seem to know the material very well and he would not pass the exams he gives
Gabbin is hard! His tests really force you to not only know the material, but to be able to say it backwards in your sleep! I would say it is more of a self-taught class but thats kind of how intermediate I is. I thought he was a nice guy, but his tests are insane and expect about half of the class to drop after the first one. good luck!
Tough, no nonsense prof. Half the time we're scared to go to class. You gotta teach urself. He has no compassion and our 2nd exam was the Mon. after HC. Timing is an issue for the exams. Biased towards people who are already doing well in his class. He handed out our exams in order from Highest to Lowest grades. Ridiculous AVOID if you can.
She is very passionate and good and what she does which is amazing to see as a student. But unfortunately she is a tough grader and her exams are full of trick questions. She doesn't give out study guides for exams and only tells you what topics will be covered in the exams.
Class is pretty easy, if you show up and do the homework. He takes attendance at random and if your not there you lose 10 points each time you miss. Marm's lecture is boring, but he is really passionate about this subject.
Professor Sabol is an alright professor, he is very passionate about the lectures he gives which are great but if you think this is an easy LBST class you are WRONG. He is super lecture-heavy and rarely posts slides, his essay topics are straightforward but have no specific rubric. Also, be prepared to read 20-30 pages+ for the abstract article.
I expect lots of reading, but I would prefer that it relates to the class, or even the lectures. He'd be interesting, if you just want some guy to drink with and tell stories. However, his lectures are painfull for those of us who've had good professors.
Lectures are boring,tests are very difficult, multiple choice taken from test bank.Answers are ambiguous.Would not take him again.
